This Directory is machine generated, meaning it has been compiled by
converting specific Linked Open Data (LOD) statements in entries in the
*Beyond Notability* database into text that reads pretty much like a
natural language. As we explain further in Chapter 1 of *Recovering
Women's Work*, LOD statements are made up of triples: subject /
predicate / object. A unique Q number is assigned for subjects and
objects, and a unique P number is assigned for predicates. Statements
can contain qualifiers for more specific information such as dates or
free-text notes.

For example, **Annie Abram** is a subject with a unique Q number in our
database (Q536). She was **educated at** (a predicate) **Hampstead
Extension Centre** (an object) in **1893** (a qualifier).

This Directory contains entries for all 915 women in the *Beyond
Notability* database, listed alphabetically by surname, but it does not
reproduce all the information we have gathered on these women. Each
woman's Q number is given in parentheses next to her name, together with
the total number of statements in her database entry. The higher the
number of statements, the richer the information contained in the
database beyond that reproduced in this Directory.

Every woman's entry in our database includes three or four basic
statements: specifically, those using the predicates **instance of** (to
identify that the entry is for a human), **assigned gender** (to
identify that the human has been assigned the gender of woman), **family
name at birth** and, if applicable, **married name**, in addition to one
activity or appearance in our sources. Therefore, if the number of
statements listed next to a woman's name in the Directory is five or
fewer, this means that the database contains only a basic level of
historical information about her. Where we have no other datable
information for a woman, the 'earliest appearance' we have identified
for that woman will be given (i.e. the earliest time she occurs in a
datable source). In some cases, the 'earliest appearance' is the woman's
*only* appearance in the sources we have researched for the project.

Beyond these basic statements, we have chosen to include in the
Directory a set of further statements describing activities that many
women in our dataset pursued. The work-related activities we have
included are:

-   Education (our predicate **educated at**)

-   Degree/certificate awards (**degree awarded**)

-   Memberships and fellowships (**member of** and **fellow of**)

-   Periodical publications (**work(s) published in**)

-   Collaborations (**collaborated with**)

-   Correspondence between women (**corresponded with**)

-   Donations to cultural institutions (**donor to**)

-   Nuclear family relations between women (**mother** and **sibling**)

A particular challenge for generating the Directory information has been
dates, since the database contains three different kinds of temporal
information (start dates, end dates, and points in time \'within
which\'). To create a uniform statement applicable to all these types of
date the Directory lists approximate (\'circa\') dates for all tertiary
educational activity; where possible, this is the start date as noted in
our database. . Because many women in our database engaged in tertiary
education activity for longer than the three to four years that has been
traditional in the past half-century, we have settled on the start date
as the best date to attach to this activity.

We cannot guarantee that there are no duplicate women in our database
(and therefore in the Directory), but we have done our best to exclude
them. The forename and surname information given in this Directory have
developed over the course of a project, but surnames listed broadly
correspond to the surname that we first came across in our research (e.
g. "Mrs Charles Welby"). In many cases we had to do extensive research
to attempt to recover full forenames. Where we succeeded, we adjusted
name data to give forename(s) plus surname as the 'canonical name' in
our database. Any alternative names we have come across are noted in the
database at the top of each entry under "Also known as".

As well as a standalone resource, the Directory is intended as an entry
point for exploring our data. While it presents a handy, alphabetical
overview of all the women in the *Beyond Notability* database, it can
only ever be a snapshot, and a partial one at that. In many cases,
interested readers will find further information on women's lives and
activities in the database, including on place(s) of residence, speaking
engagements, collecting activities, attendance at conferences,
contributions to exhibitions, work on archaeological excavations,
service on committees, war work, suffrage activities, positions held (e.
g. Cataloguer, freelance Lecturer), and other related work for which
women were acknowledged.

The full database is available at
<https://beyond-notability.wikibase.cloud>.

The code to generate the Directory is available at
<https://github.com/Beyond-Notability/bn_r_doc/directory/>.

Sharon Howard discusses the technical aspects of creating the Directory
further in her 'Data Experiments' blog post on 'Making a Directory of
Women':
<https://beyond-notability.github.io/bn_notes/notes/narratives-from-data.html>
