\[Introduction/explanatory text to go here.\]

## Ishbel Aberdeen (Q2535: 12 statements)

Ishbel Aberdeen (née Marjoribanks, a.k.a. Hamilton-Gordon) was born in
1857. She died in 1939.

## Annie Abram (Q536: 56 statements)

Annie Abram was born in 1869. She studied at Hampstead Extension Centre
c. 1893, 1894, 1895, 1897, 1898 and 1900, Girton College c. 1902 and the
London School of Economics c. 1905. She was awarded a Certificate by the
London Society for the Extension of University Teaching in 1894, 1895,
1897, 1898 and 1900, a bachelor’s degree by Trinity College Dublin in
1906 and a doctor of science by the University of London in 1908. She
was a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She was a member of the
British Museum Reading Room, the Historical Association and the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She published in *Economic Journal* and *The
Archaeological Journal*. She died in 1930.

## Eleanor M. Adlard (Q2625: 7 statements)

Eleanor M. Adlard’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1926. She was a member of the Bristol and Gloucestershire
Archaeological Society.

## Gertrude Ainsley (Q4454: 9 statements)

Gertrude Ainsley was born in 1888. She was a member of the Cumberland
and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society. She died in
1975.

## Georgiana Burnett Aitken (Q3765: 21 statements)

Georgiana Burnett Aitken (née Brown) was born in 1855. She studied at
University College London c. 1904. She was a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of Scotland. She was a member of the Botanical Society of
Edinburgh, the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn and the Society of
Biblical Archaeology. She died in 1943.

## Eveline Kate Alexander (Q2620: 11 statements)

Eveline Kate Alexander was born in 1887. She was a Fellow of the Society
of Antiquaries of Scotland. She was a member of the Prehistoric Society
of East Anglia and the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss Alexander (Q4414: 4 statements)

Miss Alexander’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1929.

## Mrs E. M. M. Alexander (Q3559: 7 statements)

Mrs E. M. M. Alexander’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1932. She was a member of the Prehistoric Society of
East Anglia and the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss Allcard (Q4054: 6 statements)

Miss Allcard’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1913. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Emily Winifred Allen (Q488: 25 statements)

Emily Winifred Allen (née Ackland) was born in 1821. She was a member of
the Cambrian Archaeological Association. She published in *Archaeologia
Cambriensis*. She died in 1917.

## Miss A. M. Allen (Q4104: 7 statements)

Miss A. M. Allen’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1916. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She
died in 1936.

## Miss Allen (Q485: 10 statements)

Miss Allen’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1878. She published in *Folk-Lore Record* and *Folklore*.

## Mrs Allen (Q3263: 5 statements)

Mrs Allen’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1932. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## K. A. Allsop (Q4115: 7 statements)

K. A. Allsop’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1921. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss Alrice (Q2833: 5 statements)

Miss Alrice’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1941.

## Edith Anderson (Q2357: 8 statements)

Edith Anderson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1906. She was a member of the Berwickshire Naturalists Club.

## Miss E Drummond Anderson (Q3461: 5 statements)

Miss E Drummond Anderson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1936. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Miss G. Anderson (Q3317: 5 statements)

Miss G. Anderson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1934. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Norah Anderson (Q4038: 10 statements)

Norah Anderson’s (née Gracey) earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1908. She was a member of the Belfast Naturalists’
Field Club.

## Emily Jane Andrews (Q489: 24 statements)

Emily Jane Andrews (née Harding) was born in 1850. She was a member of
the British Museum Reading Room and The Folklore Society. She published
in *Folklore*. She died in 1940.

## Anonymous Lady Cataloguer (Q1609: 4 statements)

Anonymous Lady Cataloguer’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1920.

## Elizabeth Emily Helza Arden Lovett (Q963: 11 statements)

Elizabeth Emily Helza Arden Lovett (née Frederick) was born in 1875. She
was a member of the British Museum Reading Room. She published in
*Berks, Bucks, and Oxon Archaeological Journal*.

## Ella Sophia Armitage (Q491: 46 statements)

Ella Sophia Armitage (née Bulley) was born in 1841. She was awarded a
master’s degree by the University of Manchester in 1919. She was a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland. She was a member of
the Pipe Roll Society. She published in *Proceedings of the Society of
Antiquaries of Scotland*, *The Antiquary*, *The Reliquary and
Illustrated Archaeologist* and *Yorkshire Archaeological Journal*. She
died in 1931.

## Mary Louisa Armitt (Q495: 21 statements)

Mary Louisa Armitt was born in 1851. She was a member of the Cumberland
and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society. She published in
*Cassell’s Family Magazine*, *The Naturalist* and *Transactions of the
Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society*. She
died in 1911.

## Fenella Armytage (Q316: 23 statements)

Fenella Armytage (née Berkeley) was born in 1832. She published in
*Belgravia*, *Pall Mall Magazine*, *The Argosy*, *The Girl’s Own Paper*,
*Tinsley’s Magazine* and *Windsor Magazine*. She died in 1903.

## Diana Ashcroft (Q3499: 7 statements)

Diana Ashcroft’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1937. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Henrietta Mary Auden (Q499: 33 statements)

Henrietta Mary Auden was born in 1862. She was a Fellow of the Royal
Historical Society. She was a member of the 1891 International Folk-Lore
Congress, the Shropshire Archaeological Society and the Shropshire
Parish Register Society. She published in *The Antiquary* and
*Transactions of the Shropshire Archaeological and Historical Society*.
She died in 1954.

## Gertrude Austin (Q500: 13 statements)

Gertrude Austin was born in 1828. She was a member of the Society of
Biblical Archaeology. She published in *Proceedings of the Society of
Biblical Archaeology* and *Transactions of the Society of Biblical
Archaeology*.

## Mrs Averdick (Q3050: 7 statements)

Mrs Averdick’s (a.k.a. Thompson) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1932. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Miss Badenoch (Q2623: 4 statements)

Miss Badenoch’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1930.

## Mary Ellen Bagnall-Oakeley (Q503: 37 statements)

Mary Ellen Bagnall-Oakeley (née Bagnall) was born in 1833. She was a
member of the Bristol and Gloucestershire Archaeological Society and the
Royal Numismatic Society. She published in *Archaeologia Cambriensis*,
*Monmouthshire and Caerleon Antiquarian Association Proceedings*,
*Numismatic Chronicle*, *Proceedings of the Clifton Antiquarian Club*
and *Transactions of the Bristol and Gloucestershire Archaeological
Society*. She died in 1904.

## Miss M. Bagot (Q4310: 5 statements)

Miss M. Bagot’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1930. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Dora Bailey (Q535: 10 statements)

Dora Bailey’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1904. She published in *Folklore*.

## Miss B. Bailey (Q3326: 5 statements)

Miss B. Bailey’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1934. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Bailey (Q4464: 5 statements)

Mrs Bailey’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1930.

## Mary Baillie-Hamilton (Q729: 19 statements)

Mary Baillie-Hamilton (née Pringle) was born in 1832. She was a member
of the Berwickshire Naturalists Club. She published in *History of the
Berwick Naturalists’ Club*. She died in 1912.

## Cecily M. Baker (Q1324: 25 statements)

Cecily M. Baker was born in 1901. She studied at St Hilda’s College
c. 1920. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University of Oxford
in 1923 and a master’s degree by the University of Oxford in 1928. She
was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1946.
She died in 1980.

## Mrs Baker (Q1136: 5 statements)

Mrs Baker’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1888.

## Miss Baldustone (Q2594: 4 statements)

Miss Baldustone’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1927.

## Mrs George Baldwinson (Q1381: 5 statements)

Mrs George Baldwinson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1874.

## Frances Christina Baldwyn Childe (Q828: 24 statements)

Frances Christina Baldwyn Childe (née Leighton) was born in 1833. She
was a member of the Anatastic Drawing Society, the English Dialect
Society and the Shropshire Archaeological Society. She published in *The
Antiquary* and *Transactions of the Shropshire Archaeological and
Historical Society*. She died in 1930.

## Marie Clothilde Balfour (Q734: 24 statements)

Marie Clothilde Balfour (née Balfour) was born in 1862. She was a member
of the 1891 International Folk-Lore Congress and The Folklore Society.
She published in *Folklore* and *The Yellow Book*. She died in 1931.

## Mrs A. S. Ballard (Q3566: 5 statements)

Mrs A. S. Ballard’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1938. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Cecile Barclay (Q2952: 6 statements)

Cecile Barclay’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1931. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Monica Bardswell (Q2653: 16 statements)

Monica Bardswell (née Mack) was born in 1886. She was a member of the
Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in *Norfolk Archaeology*.
She died in 1965.

## Mrs Barling (Q4124: 5 statements)

Mrs Barling’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1922. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss Barrett (Q4166: 5 statements)

Miss Barrett’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1923. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss M. Barton (Q3828: 3 statements)

Miss M. Barton’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1938.

## Dorothea Bate (Q3749: 14 statements)

Dorothea Bate was born in 1878. She was a member of the Congres
International des Sciences Anthropologiques et Ethnonologiques and the
International Congress of Prehistoric and Protohistoric Sciences. She
died in 1951.

## Elizabeth Bateson (Q456: 8 statements)

Elizabeth Bateson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1898. She was a member of the Cumberland and Westmorland
Antiquarian and Archaeological Society and the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Mary Bateson (Q735: 32 statements)

Mary Bateson was born in 1865. She studied at Newnham College c. 1884.
She was a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She was a member of
the Cambridge Antiquarian Society and the Pipe Roll Society. She
published in *Norfolk Archaeology* and *Transactions of the Royal
Historical Society*. She died in 1906.

## Beatrice Braithwaite Batty (Q782: 40 statements)

Beatrice Braithwaite Batty (née Stebbing) was born in 1833. She was a
member of the Ashmolean Natural History Society of Oxfordshire, the
British Association for the Advancement of Science and the Oxford
University Anthropological Society. She published in *Journal of the
Royal Anthropological Institute*. She died in 1933.

## Margaret Ley Bazeley (Q783: 27 statements)

Margaret Ley Bazeley was born in 1882. She studied at Royal Holloway
College c. 1903 and the London School of Economics c. 1906. She was
awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University of London in 1906 and 1928
and a master’s degree by the University of London in 1911. She was a
Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She was a member of the British
Archaeological Association. She published in *Transactions of the
Bristol and Gloucestershire Archaeological Society*. She died in 1956.

## Miss Beaven (Q1131: 5 statements)

Miss Beaven’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1886.

## Eleanor M. Beeby (Q784: 12 statements)

Eleanor M. Beeby was born in 1855. She published in *Journal of the
Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland* and *Proceedings of the Royal
Society of Antiquaries of Ireland*.

## Lucy Beevor (Q2194: 8 statements)

Lucy Beevor’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1892. She was a member of the Norfolk and Norwich Archaeological
Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Dorothy Kathleen Bell (Q184: 10 statements)

Dorothy Kathleen Bell (née Abrahamson, a.k.a. Blomfield) was born in
1895. She died in 1989.

## Gertrude Bell (Q130: 48 statements)

Gertrude Bell was born in 1868. She studied at Lady Margaret Hall
c. 1886 and University College London c. 1898. She was elected a Fellow
of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1920. She was a member of the
Association for the Education of Women, the British Museum Reading Room,
the International Congress for the History of Religions, the Royal
Asiatic Society and the Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies. She
published in *Blackwood’s Magazine*, *Journal of Hellenic Studies* and
*The Nineteenth Century*. She died in 1926.

## Florence Bell-Irving (Q1602: 13 statements)

Florence Bell-Irving (née Barclay) was born in 1839. She died in 1917.

## Miss Bensley (Q4167: 5 statements)

Miss Bensley’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1923. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs W. J. Benson (Q4520: 4 statements)

Mrs W. J. Benson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1923.

## Sylvia Benton (Q876: 29 statements)

Sylvia Benton was born in 1887. She studied at Girton College c. 1907
and the British School at Athens c. 1927 and 1930. She was awarded a
diploma in 1930 and a bachelor’s degree by the University of Oxford. She
was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1936.
She was also a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland. She
published in *Proceedings of the Prehistoric Society of East Anglia*.
She died in 1985.

## Mildred Berkeley (Q881: 40 statements)

Mildred Berkeley (née Paris) was born in 1857. She studied at Worcester
Extension Centre c. 1891. She was awarded a Certificate by Cambridge
University Extension in 1891. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of London in 1935. She was a member of the British Museum
Reading Room and the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings.
She published in *Associated Architectural Societies, Reports and
Papers*, *British Year Book of International Law*, *Home Counties
Magazine* and *Transactions of the Worcestershire Archaeological
Society*. She died in 1944.

## Miss Berkeley (Q223: 7 statements)

Miss Berkeley’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1910. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Rose Berkeley (Q218: 13 statements)

Rose Berkeley (née Willmott) was born in 1861. She was a member of the
Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1922.

## Eva Lilian Cecilia Best (Q4317: 13 statements)

Eva Lilian Cecilia Best was born in 1885. She was a member of the
British Archaeological Association and the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Augusta Bethell (Q786: 25 statements)

Augusta Bethell (a.k.a. Nash and Parker) was born in 1838. She was a
member of the Society for Psychical Research. She published in *Notes
and Queries* and *Proceedings of the Somerset Archaeological and Natural
History Society*. She died in 1931.

## Joyce Binns (Q1294: 7 statements)

Joyce Binns’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1939.

## Janet Elizabeth Birch (Q1269: 47 statements)

Janet Elizabeth Birch (née Clay) was born in 1877. She studied at
University College London c. 1902. She was awarded a master’s degree in
1924. She was a member of the Beddington, Carshalton, and Wallington
Archaeological Society, the College Hall Old Students Association and
the Surrey Archaeological Society. She published in *Surrey
Archaeological Collections*. She died in 1929.

## Miss Bird (Q4217: 5 statements)

Miss Bird’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1928. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Bird (Q1375: 5 statements)

Mrs Bird’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1888.

## Katharine Birkmyre (Q221: 12 statements)

Katharine Birkmyre’s (née Skelton) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1903. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Margaret Emily Blaauw (Q3658: 22 statements)

Margaret Emily Blaauw (née Gillman) was born in 1798. She was a member
of the Royal Archaeological Institute and the Sussex Archaeological
Society. She died in 1881.

## Mrs Blackman (Q2660: 4 statements)

Mrs Blackman’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1937.

## Beatrice Mary Blackwood (Q1497: 36 statements)

Beatrice Mary Blackwood was born in 1889. She studied at Somerville
College c. 1908 and the Institute of Social and Cultural Anthropology.
She was awarded a diploma by the Institute of Social and Cultural
Anthropology in 1918, a bachelor’s degree by the University of Oxford in
1923 and a master’s degree by the University of Oxford in 1920. She was
elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1948. She
was also a Fellow of the Royal Anthropological Institute. She was a
member of the Congres International des Sciences Anthropologiques et
Ethnonologiques and the Oxford University Anthropological Society. She
published in *Folklore*, *Journal of the Royal Anthropological
Institute* and *The Geographical Journal*. She died in 1975.

## Mrs Blair (Q789: 10 statements)

Mrs Blair’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1887. She was a member of the Belfast Naturalists’ Field Club. She
published in *Annual Report and Proceedings of the Belfast Naturalists’
Field Club*.

## Edith Blake (Q462: 44 statements)

Edith Blake (née Osborne) was born in 1846. She was a member of the
London Society for Women’s Suffrage. She published in *Appleton’s
Popular Science Monthly*, *North American Review*, *The Nineteenth
Century*, *Timehri* and *Victoria Quarterly*. She died in 1926.

## Fanny Bland (Q788: 15 statements)

Fanny Bland’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1877. She may be the same person as Miss Bland (Q4121). She was a
member of the Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological
Society. She published in *Transactions of the Cumberland and
Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society*.

## Miss Bland (Q4121: 6 statements)

Miss Bland’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1922. She may be the same person as Fanny Bland (Q788). She was a member
of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Joan Elizabeth Blomfield (Q87: 20 statements)

Joan Elizabeth Blomfield (a.k.a. Turville-Petre) was born in 1911. She
studied at Somerville College c. 1930. She was awarded a bachelor’s
degree by the University of Oxford in 1933 and a master’s degree by the
University of Oxford in 1938. She published in *Saga Book of the Viking
Society*. She died in 2006.

## Mollie Blomfield (Q96: 8 statements)

Mollie Blomfield’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1933.

## Mrs Blood (Q4215: 5 statements)

Mrs Blood’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1927. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss E. Blyth (Q2295: 7 statements)

Miss E. Blyth’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1908. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Helen Bonham Carter (Q1126: 5 statements)

Helen Bonham Carter’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1917.

## Mrs Boswell (Q2158: 6 statements)

Mrs Boswell’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1885. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Geraldine Sarah Bourke (Q1608: 13 statements)

Geraldine Sarah Bourke (née Ponsonby) was born in 1863. She died in
1944.

## Miss E. Boydell (Q4320: 5 statements)

Miss E. Boydell’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1931. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Edith Bradley (Q668: 45 statements)

Edith Bradley was born in 1859. She was a member of the British
Archaeological Association, the Oxford Architectural and Historical
Society and the Writers Club. She published in *Journal of the British
Archaeological Association* and *Shafts*. She died in 1943.

## Mädi Braitmaier (Q791: 11 statements)

Mädi Braitmaier’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1900. She published in *Folklore*.

## Mrs Bramley (Q4319: 5 statements)

Mrs Bramley’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1931. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Arthur Bramwell (Q4168: 5 statements)

Mrs Arthur Bramwell’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1923. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Elizabeth Branson (Q1384: 13 statements)

Elizabeth Branson (née Ward) was born in 1819. She died in 1898.

## Grace Maud Briscoe (Q1702: 29 statements)

Grace Maud Briscoe (née Stagg) was born in 1891. She studied at the
London School of Medicine for Women. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree
by the University of London in 1906. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1951. She published in
*Archaeological Newsletter*, *British Numismatic Journal*, *Proceedings
of the Cambridge Antiquarian Society*, *Proceedings of the Society of
Antiquaries of London* and *Proceedings of the Suffolk Institute of
Archaeology and Natural History*. She is known to have collaborated with
Clare Isobel Fell (Q1668). She died in 1973.

## Lucy Etheldred Broadwood (Q811: 33 statements)

Lucy Etheldred Broadwood was born in 1858. She was a member of the
British Museum Reading Room, the Gypsy Lore Society, The Folklore
Society and the Welsh Folk-Song Society. She published in *Folklore*.
She is known to have collaborated with Alice Werner (Q1084) and Barbara
Marion Cra’ster (Q841). She died in 1929.

## Marianne Brocklehurst (Q4091: 15 statements)

Marianne Brocklehurst was born in 1832. She was a member of the British
Museum Reading Room and the Society of Biblical Archaeology. She died in
1898.

## Mary Brodrick (Q812: 49 statements)

Mary Brodrick was born in 1858. She studied at University College London
c. 1890 and the Sorbonne. She was awarded a doctor of philosophy by
Bethany College, Kansas in 1893. She was a Fellow of the Royal
Geographical Society. She was a member of the British Museum Reading
Room, the College Hall Old Students Association and the International
Congress of Orientalists. She published in *College Hall Old Students
Association Annual Reports* and *Proceedings of the Society of Biblical
Archaeology*. She is known to have collaborated with Anna Anderson
Morton (Q813). She died in 1933.

## Olwen Brogan (Q1101: 35 statements)

Olwen Brogan (née Kendall, a.k.a. Hackett) was born in 1900. She studied
at University College London c. 1927. She was awarded a bachelor’s
degree by the University of London in 1927 and a master’s degree. She
was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1949.
She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in
*The Archaeological Journal*. She died in 1989.

## Miss D. Bromley (Q3067: 5 statements)

Miss D. Bromley’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1933. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Lady F. C. Brown (Q2198: 6 statements)

Lady F. C. Brown’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1893. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Marie Brown (Q1369: 31 statements)

Marie Brown (a.k.a. Shipley) was born in 1843. She was a member of the
International Congress of Americanists. She published in *Time*. She
died in 1900.

## Mrs A. J. Brown (Q2307: 7 statements)

Mrs A. J. Brown’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1909. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Irene Mary Browne (Q3073: 14 statements)

Irene Mary Browne was born in 1881. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She died in 1977.

## Miss E. O. Browne (Q3509: 5 statements)

Miss E. O. Browne’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1937. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Ophelia Browne (Q4049: 5 statements)

Ophelia Browne’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1913. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Winifred Brunton (Q3767: 21 statements)

Winifred Brunton (née Newberry) was born in 1880. She studied at the
London School of Economics c. 1911 and University College London. She
published in *Egypt and the Sudan*. She died in 1959.

## Emma Buchheim (Q814: 16 statements)

Emma Buchheim was born in 1860. She was a member of the Modern Language
Association. She published in *Folklore*. She died in 1951.

## Mrs L. M. Buck (Q1127: 5 statements)

Mrs L. M. Buck’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1918.

## Anne Walbank Buckland (Q815: 44 statements)

Anne Walbank Buckland was born in 1832. She was a Fellow of the Royal
Anthropological Institute. She was a member of the British Association
for the Advancement of Science. She published in *Journal of the Royal
Anthropological Institute*, *Leisure Hour*, *The Antiquary*, *The
Reliquary and Illustrated Archaeologist* and *Westminster Review*. She
died in 1899.

## Fanny Mary Katherine Bulkeley-Owen (Q816: 27 statements)

Fanny Mary Katherine Bulkeley-Owen (née Ormsby-Gore) was born in 1845.
She was a member of the Cymmrodorion Society, the Shropshire
Archaeological Society and the Welsh Folk-Song Society. She published in
*Home Counties Magazine*, *The Reliquary and Illustrated Archaeologist*
and *Transactions of the Shropshire Archaeological and Historical
Society*. She died in 1927.

## Betty Burn (Q1326: 5 statements)

Betty Burn’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1943.

## Charlotte Sophia Burne (Q662: 53 statements)

Charlotte Sophia Burne was born in 1850. She studied at the London
School of Economics c. 1914. She was a Fellow of the Royal
Anthropological Institute. She was a member of the 1891 International
Folk-Lore Congress, the British Museum Reading Room, the Folk-Song
Society and The Folklore Society. She published in *Folk-Lore Record*,
*Folklore*, *Journal of the British Archaeological Association*, *North
Staffordshire Field Club Annual Report and Transactions*, *Proceedings
of the Hampshire Field Club and Archaeological Society* and *The
Antiquary*. She is known to have collaborated with Mabel Geraldine
Woodruffe Peacock (Q1010) and Alice Annie Keary (Q938). She died in
1923.

## Betty Burr (Q3904: 3 statements)

Betty Burr’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1932.

## Ethel Ann Burton-Brown (Q1892: 48 statements)

Ethel Ann Burton-Brown (née Marshall) was born in 1868. She studied at
Girton College c. 1886. She was awarded a master’s degree by the
University of Cambridge. She was a Fellow of the Royal Historical
Society. She was a member of the Society for the Promotion of Hellenic
Studies and the Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies. She died in
1927.

## Miss Bury (Q414: 8 statements)

Miss Bury’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1877. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs A. E. Bush (Q2946: 4 statements)

Mrs A. E. Bush’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1929.

## Rachel Harriette Busk (Q412: 30 statements)

Rachel Harriette Busk was born in 1831. She was a member of the
International Congress of Orientalists, the Society of Biblical
Archaeology and The Folklore Society. She published in *Folklore*,
*Notes and Queries*, *The Academy* and *The Englishwoman’s Review*. She
died in 1907.

## Miss C. Butler (Q3569: 5 statements)

Miss C. Butler’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1938. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Geraldine Cadbury (Q2661: 11 statements)

Geraldine Cadbury (née Southall) was born in 1864. She died in 1941.

## Amice Mary Calverley (Q2849: 20 statements)

Amice Mary Calverley was born in 1896. She studied at the Royal College
of Music. She died in 1959.

## Mary Emily Cameron (Q817: 11 statements)

Mary Emily Cameron’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1881. She was a member of the Gaelic Society of Inverness. She
published in *Transactions of the Gaelic Society of Inverness*. She died
in 1907.

## Mary Lovett Cameron (Q818: 16 statements)

Mary Lovett Cameron was born in 1848. She published in *Folklore*. She
died in 1930.

## Morag Cameron (Q819: 10 statements)

Morag Cameron’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1903. She published in *Folklore*.

## Charlotte Campbell (Q2884: 9 statements)

Charlotte Campbell was born in 1775. She died in 1861.

## Edith Frances Carey (Q820: 24 statements)

Edith Frances Carey was born in 1864. She was a member of the 1928
Jubilee Congress of the Folklore Society, the British Museum Reading
Room, the Guernsey Society for Natural History and Local Research and
The Folklore Society. She published in *Anglo-Norman Review*, *Folklore*
and *Report and Transactions of La Société Guernesiaise*. She died in
1935.

## Sibyl Carlisle (Q4045: 5 statements)

Sibyl Carlisle’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1912. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Audrey Carr (Q3826: 3 statements)

Audrey Carr’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1935.

## Katherine Carson (Q821: 10 statements)

Katherine Carson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1900. She was a member of The Folklore Society. She published in
*Folklore*.

## Minnie Cartwright (Q824: 18 statements)

Minnie Cartwright (née Byde-Martin) was born in 1865. She was a member
of The Folklore Society. She published in *Folklore*. She died in 1963.

## Vivienne Catleugh (Q2827: 6 statements)

Vivienne Catleugh’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1939.

## Louisa Laura Forbes Caton (Q475: 21 statements)

Louisa Laura Forbes Caton (née Warrand) was born in 1863. She was a
member of the Prehistoric Society of East Anglia. She published in
*Proceedings of the Prehistoric Society of East Anglia*. She died in
1950.

## Gertrude Caton-Thompson (Q870: 51 statements)

Gertrude Caton-Thompson was born in 1888. She studied at Newnham College
c. 1923. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of
London in 1938. She was also a Fellow of the British Academy and the
Royal Anthropological Institute. She was a member of the Congres
International des Sciences Anthropologiques et Ethnonologiques. She is
known to have collaborated with Elinor Gardner (Q2694). She died in
1985.

## Mary Rothes Margaret Cecil (Q482: 33 statements)

Mary Rothes Margaret Cecil (née Tyssen-Amherst) was born in 1857. She
was a member of the British Museum Reading Room, the International
Congress of Orientalists, the Royal Archaeological Institute and the
Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies. She died in 1919.

## Nora Kershaw Chadwick (Q1659: 28 statements)

Nora Kershaw Chadwick (née Kershaw) was born in 1891. She studied at
Newnham College c. 1910. She was awarded a master’s degree in 1923. She
was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1950.
She was also a Fellow of the British Academy. She was a member of the
Congres International des Sciences Anthropologiques et Ethnonologiques.
She published in *Folklore*, *Journal of the Royal Anthropological
Institute*, *Saga Book of the Viking Society*, *Scottish Gaelic Studies*
and *Transactions of the Dumfriesshire and Galloway Natural History and
Antiquarian Society*. She died in 1972.

## Agnes Chapman (Q2265: 9 statements)

Agnes Chapman’s (née Mangles) earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1876. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She died in 1906.

## Annie Beatrice Wallis Chapman (Q825: 45 statements)

Annie Beatrice Wallis Chapman was born in 1876. She studied at
University College London c. 1897, King’s College Ladies Department
c. 1900, the London School of Economics c. 1900 and the University of
Oxford. She was awarded a doctor of science by the University of London
in 1907. She was a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She was a
member of the British Museum Reading Room. She published in *Clare
Market Review*, *Free Church Suffrage Times*, *Home Counties Magazine*,
*The Common Cause*, *Transactions of the Royal Historical Society* and
*Westminster Review*. She is known to have collaborated with Violet Mary
Shillington (Q1043). She died in 1924.

## Ethel Mary Charles (Q826: 28 statements)

Ethel Mary Charles was born in 1871. She studied at Somerville College
c. 1889, University College London c. 1892 and the Royal Institute of
British Architects c. 1893. She was a member of the Royal Institute of
British Architects. She published in *Harrow Architectural Club
Proceedings* and *Journal of the Royal Institute of British Architects*.
She died in 1962.

## Lina Chaworth Musters (Q998: 36 statements)

Lina Chaworth Musters (née Sherbrooke) was born in 1842. She was a
member of the Royal Archaeological Institute, The Folklore Society and
the Thoroton Society. She published in *The Antiquary* and *Transactions
of the Thoroton Society of Nottinghamshire*. She died in 1912.

## Mary Elizabeth Chesshyre (Q1570: 12 statements)

Mary Elizabeth Chesshyre (née Townley) was born in 1807. She was a
member of the Kent Archaeological Society. She died in 1902.

## Georgina Emily Chester Master (Q1156: 14 statements)

Georgina Emily Chester Master (née Rolls) was born in 1844. She died in
1929.

## Lily Frances Chitty (Q867: 57 statements)

Lily Frances Chitty was born in 1893. She studied at Shrewsbury School
of Art. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London
in 1938. She was a member of the British Archaeological Association, the
International Congress of Prehistoric and Protohistoric Sciences, the
Royal Archaeological Institute, the Shropshire Archaeological Society
and the Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies. She published in
*Archaeologia Cambriensis*, *Bulletin of the Board of Celtic Studies*,
*Journal of the Galway Archaeological and Historical Society*,
*Proceedings of the Prehistoric Society of East Anglia*, *Proceedings of
the Society of Antiquaries of London*, *Transactions of the Shropshire
Archaeological and Historical Society*, *Transactions of the Woolhope
Naturalists Field Club*, *Wiltshire Archaeological and Natural History
Magazine* and *Yorkshire Archaeological Journal*. She is known to have
collaborated with Sybil Mary Gella Wynne-Jones (Q3738). She died in
1979.

## Mrs Chivas-Adams (Q3376: 5 statements)

Mrs Chivas-Adams’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1930. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Irene Josephine Churchill (Q317: 33 statements)

Irene Josephine Churchill was born in 1887. She studied at Lady Margaret
Hall c. 1907 and the London School of Economics c. 1909. She was awarded
a doctor of philosophy by the University of Oxford in 1930. She was
elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1934. She
was also a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society and the Society of
Arts. She was a member of the British Federation of University Women,
the Canterbury and York Society, the Historical Association, the Kent
Archaeological Society and the Selden Society. She died in 1961.

## Jane Clark (Q829: 12 statements)

Jane Clark’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1903. She was a member of the Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland.
She published in *Journal of the Royal Society of Antiquaries of
Ireland*, *North Staffordshire Field Club Annual Report and
Transactions* and *Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of
London*.

## Mary Kitson Clark (Q875: 42 statements)

Mary Kitson Clark (a.k.a. Chitty) was born in 1905. She studied at
Girton College c. 1923. She was awarded a master’s degree in 1932. She
was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1937.
She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute and the Yorkshire
Philosophical Society. She published in *The Archaeological Journal* and
*Yorkshire Archaeological Journal*. She died in 2005.

## Edith Lilias Bruce Clarke (Q467: 14 statements)

Edith Lilias Bruce Clarke was born in 1854. She studied at Eastbourne
Extension Centre. She was awarded a Certificate by Cambridge University
Extension in 1891. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute and the Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies. She died
in 1934.

## Kate Marie Clarke (Q831: 21 statements)

Kate Marie Clarke was born in 1865. She was awarded a Certificate by
Cambridge University Extension in 1891. She was a member of the
Devonshire Association and the London Devonian Association. She
published in *Transactions of the Devonshire Association* and
*Transactions of the Exeter Diocesan Architectural and Archaeological
Society*. She is known to have collaborated with Edith K. Prideaux
(Q483). She died in 1925.

## Maude Violet Clarke (Q374: 23 statements)

Maude Violet Clarke was born in 1892. She studied at Lady Margaret Hall
c. 1914 and Queen’s College Belfast. She was awarded a master’s degree
by the University of Oxford in 1920. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1935. She was also a Fellow of the
Royal Historical Society. She was a member of the Historical
Association. She published in *Burlington Magazine*. She is known to
have collaborated with Katherine Maud Elisabeth Murray (Q109) and May
McKisack (Q1714). She died in 1935.

## Honor Emily Mary Clauson (Q3414: 7 statements)

Honor Emily Mary Clauson’s (née Husey) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1918.

## Margaret Clay (Q2551: 9 statements)

Margaret Clay’s (a.k.a. Lister) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1930. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Helen J. Clements (Q2302: 9 statements)

Helen J. Clements’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1900. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Elsie Margaret Clifford (Q807: 70 statements)

Elsie Margaret Clifford (née Chambers) was born in 1885. She studied at
the University of Cambridge. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of London in 1943. She was also a Fellow of the Royal
Anthropological Institute and the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland.
She was a member of the Bristol and Gloucestershire Archaeological
Society, the Congres International des Sciences Anthropologiques et
Ethnonologiques, the Cotteswold Naturalist’s Field Club and the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She published in *Archaeologia*,
*Archaeological Newsletter*, *Bulletin of the Standing Conference for
Local History*, *Illustrated London News*, *Journal of Roman Studies*,
*Proceedings of the Prehistoric Society of East Anglia*, *Proceedings of
the Society of Antiquaries of London*, *Transactions of the Bristol and
Gloucestershire Archaeological Society* and *Transactions of the
Devonshire Association*. She is known to have collaborated with Dorothy
Annie Elizabeth Garrod (Q863). She died in 1976.

## Emily Jane Climenson (Q835: 30 statements)

Emily Jane Climenson (née Montagu) was born in 1844. She was a member of
the Berkshire Archaeological Society, the British Museum Reading Room
and the Conchological Society of Great Britain and Ireland. She
published in *Berks, Bucks, and Oxon Archaeological Journal*,
*Science-Gossip*, *The Antiquary* and *The Gentlemen’s Magazine*. She
died in 1921.

## Mary Coate (Q802: 25 statements)

Mary Coate was born in 1886. She studied at St Hilda’s College c. 1912.
She was awarded a master’s degree by the University of Oxford in 1920.
She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in
1944. She was also a Fellow of Lady Margaret Hall and the Royal
Historical Society. She published in *Devon and Cornwall Notes and
Queries*, *Numismatic Chronicle*, *The English Historical Review* and
*Transactions of the Royal Historical Society*. She died in 1973.

## Monica Cobb (Q2310: 8 statements)

Monica Cobb’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1916. She studied at the University of Oxford.

## Miss Cobbe (Q3588: 3 statements)

Miss Cobbe’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1913.

## Lady Cochrane (Q3524: 4 statements)

Lady Cochrane’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1937. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Christabel Rose Coleridge (Q838: 21 statements)

Christabel Rose Coleridge was born in 1843. She was a member of the
Society for Psychical Research and The Folklore Society. She published
in *Folklore* and *London Society*. She died in 1921.

## Blanche Frances Collier (Q836: 28 statements)

Blanche Frances Collier (née Bonner) was born in 1841. She was a member
of the British Archaeological Association and the British Museum Reading
Room. She published in *Journal of the British Archaeological
Association*.

## Margaret Collingridge (Q2565: 16 statements)

Margaret Collingridge (a.k.a. Wheeler) was born in 1916. She was a
member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1990.

## Margaret Collinson (Q105: 7 statements)

Margaret Collinson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1934. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mimi Collinson (Q2134: 8 statements)

Mimi Collinson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1879. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Vera Christina Chute Collum (Q2650: 28 statements)

Vera Christina Chute Collum was born in 1884. She was a Fellow of the
Royal Anthropological Institute and the Society of Antiquaries of
Scotland. She was a member of the Congres International des Sciences
Anthropologiques et Ethnonologiques, the Royal Archaeological Institute
and the Wiltshire Archaeological and Natural History Society. She
published in *The Sphere* and *Wide World Magazine*. She died in 1957.

## Adelaide Martha Collyer (Q837: 18 statements)

Adelaide Martha Collyer (née Shuckburgh) was born in 1849. She was a
member of the British Museum Reading Room. She published in *Temple
Bar*, *The Nineteenth Century*, *Transactions of the Royal Historical
Society* and *Universal Review*. She died in 1914.

## Ethel Mary Colman (Q1267: 13 statements)

Ethel Mary Colman was born in 1863. She died in 1948.

## Beatrice Colquhoun (Q1288: 9 statements)

Beatrice Colquhoun’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1932. She studied at University College London c. 1932. She was
a member of the East Herts Archaeological Society.

## Florence Caroline Compton (Q1583: 16 statements)

Florence Caroline Compton (née Anderson) was born in 1829. She published
in *Journal of the Northamptonshire Natural History Society and Field
Club*. She died in 1918.

## Mary Congreve (Q839: 20 statements)

Mary Congreve (née Poole, a.k.a. Boyd-Dawkins) was born in 1863. She was
a member of the Congres International des Sciences Anthropologiques et
Ethnonologiques and the International Congress of Prehistoric and
Protohistoric Sciences. She published in *Associated Architectural
Societies, Reports and Papers*. She died in 1954.

## Ivy May Cooper (Q2566: 15 statements)

Ivy May Cooper’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1917. She studied at London Day Training College c. 1920 and
University College London. She was awarded a Diploma in Pedagogy by the
University of London in 1920 and a bachelor’s degree by the University
of London in 1919. She was a member of the British Archaeological
Association.

## Marion Helen Cooper (Q796: 19 statements)

Marion Helen Cooper was born in 1874. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1944. She was a member of the Sussex
Archaeological Society. She published in *Sussex Archaeological
Collections*. She died in 1951.

## Emma Elizabeth Cope (Q329: 43 statements)

Emma Elizabeth Cope (née Thoyts) was born in 1860. She was a member of
the Berkshire Archaeological Society and the Hampshire Field Club &
Archaeological Society. She published in *Berks, Bucks, and Oxon
Archaeological Journal*. She died in 1949.

## Jessie Corcoran (Q233: 17 statements)

Jessie Corcoran was born in 1852. She studied at the Female School of
Art c. 1875. She was a member of the British Association for the
Advancement of Science, the Royal Archaeological Institute, the Royal
Society of Antiquaries of Ireland and the Sussex Archaeological Society.
She died in 1938.

## Margaret Emily Cornford (Q762: 16 statements)

Margaret Emily Cornford was born in 1873. She studied at the London
School of Economics c. 1908. She was a member of the British Museum
Reading Room. She published in *Notes and Queries* and *The English
Historical Review*. She is known to have collaborated with Eliza
Jeffries Davis (Q153) and Joyce Jeffries Davis (Q761).

## Margaret Corser (Q2207: 8 statements)

Margaret Corser was born in 1876. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Ada Alice Cory-Wright (Q4169: 8 statements)

Ada Alice Cory-Wright’s (née Cross) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1923. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Molly Cotton (Q1109: 39 statements)

Molly Cotton (née Marshall) was born in 1902. She studied at the London
School of Medicine for Women c. 1926 and University College London
c. 1936. She was awarded a Academic diploma in Archaeology by the
University of London in 1936 and a bachelor’s degree by the University
of London. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of
London in 1948. She was also a Fellow of the British Academy. She was a
member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in
*Archaeologia*, *Berks, Bucks, and Oxon Archaeological Journal*,
*Bulletin of the Société Jersiaise*, *Proceedings of the Prehistoric
Society of East Anglia*, *Proceedings of the West Cornwall Field Club*
and *The Archaeological Journal*. She is known to have collaborated with
Katherine Margaret Richardson (Q712). She died in 1984.

## Miss E. J. Courthope (Q4193: 5 statements)

Miss E. J. Courthope’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1925. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Sarah A. Cowell (Q2104: 9 statements)

Sarah A. Cowell’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1873. She was a member of the Devonshire Association and the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Constance Louise Cox (Q229: 8 statements)

Constance Louise Cox’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1910. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Marian Roalfe Cox (Q840: 29 statements)

Marian Roalfe Cox was born in 1860. She was a member of the Albemarle
Club, the American Folklore Society, the Folk-Song Society, the Gypsy
Lore Society, the International Congress for the History of Religions,
the Royal Archaeological Institute and The Folklore Society. She
published in *Folklore*. She died in 1916.

## Marion Cox (Q4198: 6 statements)

Marion Cox’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1925. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mary Desiree Cox (Q1563: 17 statements)

Mary Desiree Cox (née Anderson) was born in 1902. She was elected a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1949. She was a member
of the Birmingham and Midland Archaeological Society, the
Ecclesiological Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died
in 1973.

## Adelaide Alexandra Cragg (Q546: 16 statements)

Adelaide Alexandra Cragg (née Gilliat) was born in 1865. She was a
member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1947.

## Barbara Marion Cra’ster (Q841: 16 statements)

Barbara Marion Cra’ster was born in 1873. She published in *Folklore*.
She is known to have collaborated with Lucy Etheldred Broadwood (Q811).
She died in 1972.

## Mrs Crawford (Q2648: 4 statements)

Mrs Crawford’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1934.

## Gwendolen Crewdson (Q212: 20 statements)

Gwendolen Crewdson was born in 1872. She studied at Girton College
c. 1894 and University College London c. 1904. She was a member of the
International Congress for the History of Religions and the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She died in 1913.

## Annie Cropper (Q4405: 4 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Annie Cropper.

## Marjorie Cross (Q1680: 14 statements)

Marjorie Cross was born in 1886. She was elected a Fellow of the Society
of Antiquaries of London in 1950. She published in *Transactions of the
Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society*. She
died in 1958.

## Miss Cross (Q2628: 4 statements)

Miss Cross’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1931.

## Molly Crowfoot (Q2663: 45 statements)

Molly Crowfoot (née Hood) was born in 1877. She studied at Clapham
School of Midwifery. She was a member of the Congres International des
Sciences Anthropologiques et Ethnonologiques and the San Remo Field
Club. She published in *Proceedings of the Cambridge Antiquarian
Society*, *Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of London*,
*Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland* and *Proceedings
of the Suffolk Institute of Archaeology and Natural History*. She died
in 1957.

## Margaret Campbell Speke Cruwys (Q1660: 17 statements)

Margaret Campbell Speke Cruwys (née Abercrombie) was born in 1894. She
was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1950.
She died in 1968.

## Maud Cunnington (Q434: 54 statements)

Maud Cunnington (née Pegge) was born in 1869. She was a member of the
Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies and the Wiltshire
Archaeological and Natural History Society. She published in
*Antiquity*, *Archaeologia Cambriensis*, *Man*, *Proceedings of the
Cambridge Antiquarian Society*, *Proceedings of the Society of
Antiquaries of London*, *Reliquary*, *The Antiquary*, *The Reliquary and
Illustrated Archaeologist* and *Wiltshire Archaeological and Natural
History Magazine*. She died in 1951.

## Cecil Louisa Curle (Q858: 25 statements)

Cecil Louisa Curle (née Mowbray) was born in 1901. She studied at
Glasgow College of Art, the Courtauld Institute and the Sorbonne. She
was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1942.
She was also a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland. She was
a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in
*Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland*. She died in
1987.

## Mrs Dalison (Q842: 6 statements)

Mrs Dalison’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1883. She published in *Archaeologia Cantiana*.

## Vera Mary Dallas (Q1104: 30 statements)

Vera Mary Dallas was born in 1893. She studied at the Royal Institute of
British Architects c. 1920. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of London in 1946. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She published in *The Archaeological Journal*
and *Transactions of the Bristol and Gloucestershire Archaeological
Society*. She died in 1972.

## Elizabeth Mary Danby (Q189: 9 statements)

Elizabeth Mary Danby was born in 1851. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute and the Sussex Archaeological Society. She died
in 1914.

## Frances Gardiner Davenport (Q843: 25 statements)

Frances Gardiner Davenport was born in 1870. She studied at Radcliffe
College c. 1896, the London School of Economics c. 1896 and the
University of Chicago c. 1904. She was awarded a master’s degree by
Radcliffe College in 1896 and a doctor of philosophy by the University
of Chicago. She was a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She
published in *Transactions of the Royal Historical Society*. She died in
1927.

## Hilda Roderick Ellis Davidson (Q1654: 21 statements)

Hilda Roderick Ellis Davidson (née Ellis) was born in 1914. She studied
at Newnham College c. 1933. She was awarded a master’s degree in 1939
and a doctor of philosophy in 1940. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1950. She published in *Folklore*
and *Journal of the Arms and Armour Society*. She died in 2006.

## Henrietta Frances Davies (Q2587: 20 statements)

Henrietta Frances Davies was born in 1880. She studied at University
College London c. 1904 and the London School of Medicine for Women
c. 1914. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University of London
and a Doctor of Medicine by the University of London. She was a member
of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in *The
Archaeological Journal*. She died in 1950.

## Josephine Mary Elizabeth Davies (Q844: 18 statements)

Josephine Mary Elizabeth Davies (née Williams) was born in 1868. She was
a member of the Hampshire Field Club & Archaeological Society and the
Powys-Land Club. She published in *Collections Historical and
Archaeological Relating to Montgomeryshire and its Borders* and *Henry
Gee*. She died in 1920.

## Margaret Davies (Q860: 27 statements)

Margaret Davies (née Dunlop) was born in 1914. She studied at the
University of Manchester c. 1935, 1937 and 1942. She was awarded a
bachelor’s degree by the University of Manchester in 1935, a master’s
degree by the University of Manchester in 1937 and a doctor of
philosophy by the University of Manchester in 1942. She was elected a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1942. She published in
*Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of London* and *Transactions
of the Lancashire and Cheshire Antiquarian Society*. She died in 1982.

## Mrs Morgan Davis (Q4220: 5 statements)

Mrs Morgan Davis’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1929. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mary Louisa Dawson (Q847: 20 statements)

Mary Louisa Dawson (née Bevan) was born in 1851. She was a member of the
British Museum Reading Room. She published in *Archaeologia
Cambriensis*.

## Emily Day (Q848: 20 statements)

Emily Day (née Holgate) was born in 1828. She was a member of the
British Archaeological Association. She published in *Journal of the
British Archaeological Association*.

## Miss E. B. Day (Q2153: 8 statements)

Miss E. B. Day’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1884. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She
died in 1934.

## Beatrice de Cardi (Q1652: 25 statements)

Beatrice de Cardi was born in 1914. She studied at University College
London c. 1934. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries
of London in 1950. She was also a Fellow of the British Academy. She
died in 2016.

## Marie de Chambrier (Q822: 12 statements)

Marie de Chambrier (née Courvoisier) was born in 1837. She published in
*Proceedings of the Huguenot Society of London*. She died in 1919.

## Nancy Champion de Crespigny (Q2554: 21 statements)

Nancy Champion de Crespigny (a.k.a. Movius) was born in 1910. She
studied at Newnham College c. 1934 and the University of Melbourne. She
was awarded a diploma by the University of Cambridge and a bachelor’s
degree by the University of Melbourne. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She died in 2003.

## Winefride de l’Hopital (Q4111: 13 statements)

Winefride de l’Hopital (née Bentley) was born in 1876. She was a member
of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in *Catholic
Fireside*. She died in 1967.

## Pamela de la Fargue (Q3533: 6 statements)

Pamela de la Fargue’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1937. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mary Eily de Putron (Q3074: 17 statements)

Mary Eily de Putron was born in 1914. She studied at University College
London c. 1933. She was awarded a Academic diploma in Archaeology in
1938. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She
published in *Proceedings of the Hampshire Field Club and Archaeological
Society*. She died in 1982.

## Louisa Elizabeth Deane (Q1374: 13 statements)

Louisa Elizabeth Deane (née Fourdrinier) was born in 1813. She died in
1892.

## Margaret Deanesly (Q3679: 20 statements)

Margaret Deanesly was born in 1885. She studied at Newnham College
c. 1909 and the University of Manchester c. 1915. She was awarded a
master’s degree by the University of Manchester in 1915. She died in
1977.

## Charlotte Louisa Hawkins Dempster (Q849: 26 statements)

Charlotte Louisa Hawkins Dempster was born in 1835. She was a member of
the 1891 International Folk-Lore Congress, the British Museum Reading
Room and The Folklore Society. She published in *Folklore* and
*Longman’s Magazine*. She died in 1913.

## Mary Dendy (Q850: 27 statements)

Mary Dendy was born in 1855. She studied at Bedford College c. 1874. She
was awarded a master’s degree by the University of Manchester in 1910.
She was a member of the 1891 International Folk-Lore Congress and The
Folklore Society. She published in *Folklore*. She died in 1933.

## Emma Dent (Q1377: 30 statements)

Emma Dent (née Brocklehurst) was born in 1823. She was a member of the
Bristol and Gloucestershire Archaeological Society and The Church
Congress. She died in 1900.

## Mary Dent-Brocklehurst (Q3374: 15 statements)

Mary Dent-Brocklehurst (née Morrison) was born in 1902. She was a member
of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1988.

## Isabel Anne Dickson (Q851: 30 statements)

Isabel Anne Dickson was born in 1872. She studied at Girton College
c. 1891. She was awarded a master’s degree by Trinity College Dublin in
1904. She was a member of the British Federation of University Women,
the British Museum Reading Room, the Society for the Promotion of
Hellenic Studies, the Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies and The
Folklore Society. She published in *Folklore* and *Journal of Hellenic
Studies*. She died in 1922.

## Miss H. Anne Digby-Brown (Q3590: 3 statements)

Miss H. Anne Digby-Brown’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1950.

## Miss E. Dixon (Q852: 9 statements)

Miss E. Dixon’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1898. She was possibly Katherine Esther Dixon. She published in
*Transactions of the Royal Historical Society*.

## Judith Dobell (Q3054: 9 statements)

Judith Dobell’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1932. She was a member of the Cambrian Archaeological Association,
the Royal Archaeological Institute and the Society for the Promotion of
Roman Studies.

## Dina Portway Dobson (Q294: 50 statements)

Dina Portway Dobson (née Portway, a.k.a. Hinton) was born in 1885. She
studied at Newnham College c. 1905. She was awarded a master’s degree in
1906 and a Doctor of Letters in 1923. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1934. She was a member of the
British Federation of University Women, the Classical Association and
the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in *Antiquity*,
*Archaeological Newsletter*, *Proceedings of the Somerset Archaeological
and Natural History Society* and *Transactions of the Bristol and
Gloucestershire Archaeological Society*. She died in 1968.

## Margaret Augusta Dodd (Q423: 18 statements)

Margaret Augusta Dodd (née Edwards) was born in 1851. She was a member
of the Ayrshire and Galloway Archaeological Association, the Kent
Archaeological Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died
in 1930.

## Madeleine Hope Dodds (Q3094: 25 statements)

Madeleine Hope Dodds was born in 1885. She studied at Newnham College
c. 1904. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute and the
Society of Antiquaries of Newcastle upon Tyne. She published in
*Archaeologia Aeliana*, *Modern Language Review* and *Proceedings of the
Society of Antiquaries of Newcastle upon Tyne*. She died in 1972.

## Sylvia Dodds (Q3093: 6 statements)

Sylvia Dodds’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1934. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Florence Harriet Dodson (Q853: 13 statements)

Florence Harriet Dodson was born in 1857. She published in *Sussex
Archaeological Collections* and *The Monthly Packet*. She died in 1907.

## Elizabeth Dolby (Q3459: 5 statements)

Elizabeth Dolby’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1936. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Irene Donne (Q4521: 4 statements)

Irene Donne’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1923.

## Miss E. M. Dormer (Q3486: 5 statements)

Miss E. M. Dormer’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1936. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Gertrude Charlotte Elizabeth Down (Q2202: 11 statements)

Gertrude Charlotte Elizabeth Down (née Hippisley) was born in 1860. She
was a Fellow of the Zoological Society. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Alice F. Doyle (Q855: 7 statements)

Alice F. Doyle’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1905. She published in *Journal of the Royal Society of
Antiquaries of Ireland* and *Proceedings of the Royal Society of
Antiquaries of Ireland*.

## Eve Dray (Q3452: 7 statements)

Eve Dray’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1935. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Dorothy Dudley (Q794: 20 statements)

Dorothy Dudley’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1935. She was awarded a master’s degree. She was a member of the
British Archaeological Association and the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She published in *Antiquity*, *Archaeological Newsletter*,
*Cornish Archaeology*, *Journal of the Royal Institution of Cornwall*,
*Proceedings of the West Cornwall Field Club* and *The Archaeological
Journal*. She is known to have collaborated with Florence Margaret
Patchett (Q1115).

## Kate Dufty (Q3562: 11 statements)

Kate Dufty’s (née Ainsworth, a.k.a. Brazley) earliest appearance in
Beyond Notability’s records is dated 1937. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She died in 1991.

## Elizabeth Dummett (Q4309: 9 statements)

Elizabeth Dummett’s (née Robertson) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1912. She was a Fellow of the Royal
Geographical Society. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Ida Victoria Alice Dundas (Q3530: 10 statements)

Ida Victoria Alice Dundas was born in 1905. She was a member of the
Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1982.

## Ellen Elizabeth Dunkin (Q2130: 20 statements)

Ellen Elizabeth Dunkin was born in 1814. She was a member of the British
Archaeological Association, the Cambrian Archaeological Association, the
Kent Archaeological Society, the London and Middlesex Archaeological
Society and the Surrey Archaeological Society. She died in 1890.

## Frances Hermia Durham (Q857: 36 statements)

Frances Hermia Durham was born in 1873. She studied at Girton College
c. 1892 and the London School of Economics c. 1896 and 1905. She was a
member of the British Federation of University Women and the British
Museum Reading Room. She published in *Notting Hill High School
Magazine*, *Proceedings of the Cambridge Antiquarian Society* and
*Transactions of the Royal Historical Society*. She died in 1948.

## Miss Durrant (Q2659: 4 statements)

Miss Durrant’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1936.

## Mrs Dyer (Q2598: 4 statements)

Mrs Dyer’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1927.

## Mrs J. Dyson (Q871: 9 statements)

Mrs J. Dyson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1903. She was a member of the Cumberland and Westmorland
Antiquarian and Archaeological Society. She published in *Transactions
of the Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological
Society*.

## Margot Eates (Q800: 31 statements)

Margot Eates was born in 1913. She studied at King’s College London
c. 1936. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University of London
in 1936. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of
London in 1944. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.
She published in *Country Life*. She died in 1994.

## Marjorie Eaton (Q3537: 5 statements)

Marjorie Eaton’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1929. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Lina Eckenstein (Q2739: 35 statements)

Lina Eckenstein was born in 1857. She studied at University College
London c. 1884 and 1896. She was a member of the British Museum Reading
Room, the Hampstead Scientific Society, the International Archaeological
Congress and the International Congress for the History of Religions.
She published in *Proceedings of the Cambridge Antiquarian Society*,
*The Academy* and *The Reliquary and Illustrated Archaeologist*. She
died in 1931.

## Cicely Edgar (Q3834: 10 statements)

Cicely Edgar (a.k.a. Cowan) was born in 1909. She studied at the British
School at Athens c. 1932 and Somerville College. She was awarded a
bachelor’s degree.

## Alice Edleston (Q872: 21 statements)

Alice Edleston was born in 1864. She was a member of the Cambridge
Antiquarian Society. She published in *Archaeologia Aeliana* and *The
Antiquary*. She died in 1956.

## Elizabeth Mayhew Edmonds (Q877: 19 statements)

Elizabeth Mayhew Edmonds (née Waller) was born in 1821. She was a member
of the Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies. She published in
*Folklore*, *The Academy* and *The Woman’s World*. She died in 1905.

## Amelia Blandford Edwards (Q878: 34 statements)

Amelia Blandford Edwards was born in 1831. She was a member of the
British Museum Reading Room, the International Congress of Orientalists,
the Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies, the Society for the
Protection of Ancient Buildings and the Society of Biblical Archaeology.
She published in *Journal of Hellenic Studies*. She died in 1892.

## Miss Edwards (Q1736: 4 statements)

Miss Edwards’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1946.

## Harriet Wragg Elgee (Q3960: 24 statements)

Harriet Wragg Elgee (née Wragg) was born in 1881. She studied at the
University of Birmingham c. 1904. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by
the University of Birmingham in 1904. She was a Fellow of the Society of
Arts. She published in *Proceedings of the Prehistoric Society of East
Anglia*. She died in 1972.

## May Elliot Hobbs (Q2836: 18 statements)

May Elliot Hobbs (née Elliott) was born in 1877. She was a member of the
English Folk Dance Society. She died in 1956.

## Alice Engholm (Q879: 9 statements)

Alice Engholm’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1906. She published in *Folklore*.

## Katherine Ada Esdaile (Q177: 50 statements)

Katherine Ada Esdaile (née McDowall) was born in 1881. She studied at
Lady Margaret Hall c. 1900 and University College London c. 1903. She
was a member of the British Museum Reading Room, the Society for the
Promotion of Hellenic Studies and the Society for the Promotion of Roman
Studies. She published in *Journal of Hellenic Studies*, *Journal of the
Royal Institute of British Architects*, *Notting Hill High School
Magazine*, *Numismatic Chronicle*, *Papers of the British School at
Rome*, *RSA Journal*, *Sussex Notes and Queries*, *The Builder* and
*Walpole Society Annual Volume*. She died in 1950.

## Joan Evans (Q275: 68 statements)

Joan Evans was born in 1893. She studied at St Hugh’s College c. 1914
and University College London c. 1927. She was awarded a Doctor of
Letters by the University of London in 1930 and a Doctor of Letters by
the University of Oxford. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of London in 1933. She was also a Fellow of the Royal
Historical Society. She was a member of the British Museum Reading Room,
the British Record Society, the Royal Archaeological Institute, the
Societe Nationale des Antiquaries de France and The Folklore Society.
She published in *Burlington Magazine*, *Folklore*, *Proceedings of the
Society of Antiquaries of London* and *The Archaeological Journal*. She
died in 1977.

## Maria Millington Lathbury Evans (Q624: 68 statements)

Maria Millington Lathbury Evans (née Lathbury) was born in 1856. She
studied at Wimbledon Centre for University Extension c. 1883, 1886 and
1887, Somerville College c. 1888 and University College London c. 1888.
She was awarded a Certificate by the London Society for the Extension of
University Teaching in 1887, a master’s degree by Trinity College Dublin
in 1904 and a master’s degree by the University of Oxford in 1921. She
was a member of the Aristotelian Society, the Association for the
Education of Women, the British Association for the Advancement of
Science, the British Museum Reading Room, the Classical Association, the
International Congress of Orientalists, the Royal Numismatic Society,
the Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies and the Society for
the Promotion of Roman Studies. She published in *Archaeologia
Cambriensis*, *Burlington Magazine*, *Numismatic Chronicle*, *The
Academy* and *Transactions of the Birmingham and Midland Institute*. She
is known to have collaborated with Eugénie Sellers Strong (Q23). She
died in 1944.

## Mrs Everett (Q2496: 5 statements)

Mrs Everett’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1879.

## Mary Anne Ewart (Q430: 15 statements)

Mary Anne Ewart was born in 1830. She studied at University College
London c. 1882. She was a member of the African Society and the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She died in 1911.

## Lucy Margaret Eyre (Q882: 30 statements)

Lucy Margaret Eyre was born in 1874. She studied at University College
London c. 1891 and the London School of Economics c. 1904. She was
awarded a Lady Literate in Arts by the University of St Andrews. She was
a member of the British Museum Reading Room. She published in
*Folklore*. She died in 1963.

## Mary Harriet Eyre Matcham (Q980: 16 statements)

Mary Harriet Eyre Matcham was born in 1869. She published in *Wiltshire
Archaeological and Natural History Magazine*. She died in 1944.

## Mary Cecily Fair (Q2707: 28 statements)

Mary Cecily Fair was born in 1874. She was a member of the Cumberland
and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society and the Society
for the Promotion of Roman Studies. She published in *Antiquity*,
*Country Life*, *Journal of Roman Studies*, *Proceedings of the
Prehistoric Society of East Anglia*, *The Badminton Magazine of Sports
and Pastimes*, *The Gentlemen’s Magazine*, *Transactions of the
Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society* and
*Wide World Magazine*. She died in 1955.

## Lilian Mary Faithfull (Q3164: 8 statements)

Lilian Mary Faithfull was born in 1865. She studied at Somerville
College. She died in 1952.

## Lucy Winifred Faraday (Q884: 25 statements)

Lucy Winifred Faraday was born in 1872. She studied at the Department
for Women, Victoria University of Manchester (Owens College) c. 1891 and
the University of Manchester c. 1900 and 1903. She was awarded a diploma
in 1903, a bachelor’s degree by the University of Manchester in 1897 and
a master’s degree by the University of Manchester in 1900. She was a
member of the British Museum Reading Room, the Manchester Literary and
Philosophical Society and The Folklore Society. She published in
*Folklore*. She died in 1948.

## Mrs Farish (Q3361: 5 statements)

Mrs Farish’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1935. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Helen Farquhar (Q885: 18 statements)

Helen Farquhar was born in 1859. She was a Fellow of the Royal
Historical Society. She was a member of the Society for the Protection
of Ancient Buildings. She published in *British Numismatic Journal* and
*Numismatic Chronicle*. She died in 1953.

## Clare Isobel Fell (Q1668: 28 statements)

Clare Isobel Fell was born in 1913. She studied at Newnham College
c. 1931. She was awarded a master’s degree. She was elected a Fellow of
the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1950. She published in
*Archaeologia Aeliana*, *Archaeological Newsletter*, *Proceedings of the
Cambridge Antiquarian Society*, *Proceedings of the Prehistoric Society
of East Anglia*, *The Archaeological Journal* and *Transactions of the
Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society*. She
is known to have collaborated with Grace Maud Briscoe (Q1702). She died
in 2002.

## Miss C. Fenwick (Q3375: 5 statements)

Miss C. Fenwick’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1935. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Margaret Josephine Ferguson (Q887: 15 statements)

Margaret Josephine Ferguson (a.k.a. Millard) was born in 1870. She
published in *Transactions of the Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian
and Archaeological Society*. She died in 1950.

## Susan Maria ffarington (Q2360: 22 statements)

Susan Maria ffarington was born in 1809. She was a member of the
Historic Society of Lancashire and Cheshire and the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She died in 1894.

## Margaret Catherine Ffennell (Q640: 24 statements)

Margaret Catherine Ffennell was born in 1838. She was a Fellow of the
Royal Anthropological Institute. She was a member of the 1891
International Folk-Lore Congress, the African Society, the International
Congress of Orientalists and The Folklore Society. She published in
*Folklore*. She died in 1912.

## Sybil Findlay (Q2367: 4 statements)

Sybil Findlay’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1911. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Amy Flagg (Q4194: 11 statements)

Amy Flagg was born in 1893. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She published in *Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries
of Newcastle upon Tyne*. She died in 1965.

## Elizabeth Fleur (Q4199: 6 statements)

Elizabeth Fleur’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1926. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss Foord (Q2289: 7 statements)

Miss Foord’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1907. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Eliza Ann Forster (Q1365: 14 statements)

Eliza Ann Forster’s (née Crosbie, a.k.a. Colburn) earliest appearance in
Beyond Notability’s records is dated 1841. She died in 1894.

## Hannah Jane Foster (Q2274: 12 statements)

Hannah Jane Foster (née Stansfeld) was born in 1842. She was a member of
the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Aileen Fox (Q1119: 33 statements)

Aileen Fox (née Henderson) was born in 1907. She studied at Newnham
College c. 1926 and the British School at Rome c. 1929. She was awarded
a master’s degree. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of London in 1943. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She died in 2005.

## Grace Fox (Q3961: 9 statements)

Grace Fox’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1938. She was a member of the Yorkshire Archaeological Society. She
published in *Yorkshire Archaeological Journal*.

## Edith Conyngham Frere (Q2223: 11 statements)

Edith Conyngham Frere’s (a.k.a. Chawner) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1896. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Marian Frost (Q1284: 16 statements)

Marian Frost was born in 1877. She published in *Sussex Archaeological
Collections* and *Worthing Archaeological Society Annual Report*. She
died in 1936.

## Elizabeth Fry (Q3104: 9 statements)

Elizabeth Fry was born in 1780. She died in 1845.

## Katherine Fry (Q890: 14 statements)

Katherine Fry was born in 1801. She published in *Transactions of the
Essex Archaeological Society*. She died in 1886.

## Gertrude Anne Fryer (Q2948: 13 statements)

Gertrude Anne Fryer was born in 1865. She was a member of the Bristol
and Gloucestershire Archaeological Society, the Royal Archaeological
Institute and the Somerset Archaeological and Natural History Society.
She died in 1930.

## Miss B. W. Furness (Q3529: 6 statements)

Miss B. W. Furness’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1937. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mary McMurray Gaffikin (Q2960: 17 statements)

Mary McMurray Gaffikin’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1929. She was a member of the Belfast Naturalists’
Field Club, the International Congress of Prehistoric and Protohistoric
Sciences and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in *Irish
Naturalists’ Journal*, *Journal of the Royal Society of Antiquaries of
Ireland* and *Ulster Journal of Archaeology*. She is known to have
collaborated with Norah Anderson (Q4038). She died in 1959.

## Mrs Gamble (Q3511: 5 statements)

Mrs Gamble’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1937.

## Henrietta Lucy Elizabeth Garbett (Q537: 35 statements)

Henrietta Lucy Elizabeth Garbett was born in 1882. She studied at the
London School of Economics c. 1905. She was a member of the Canterbury
and York Society, the Lincoln Record Society, the North Staffordshire
Field Club and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in
*North Staffordshire Field Club Annual Report and Transactions*. She
died in 1939.

## Dorothy Gardiner (Q901: 30 statements)

Dorothy Gardiner (née Kempe) was born in 1873. She studied at Lady
Margaret Hall c. 1895. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of London in 1945. She was a member of the British Museum
Reading Room. She died in 1957.

## Elinor Gardner (Q2694: 12 statements)

Elinor Gardner was born in 1892. She studied at Newnham College c. 1912.
She was awarded a master’s degree in 1926. She is known to have
collaborated with Gertrude Caton-Thompson (Q870). She died in 1980.

## Rhoda Garrett (Q2123: 14 statements)

Rhoda Garrett was born in 1841. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute and the Society for the Protection of Ancient
Buildings. She died in 1882.

## Dorothy Annie Elizabeth Garrod (Q863: 54 statements)

Dorothy Annie Elizabeth Garrod was born in 1892. She studied at Newnham
College c. 1913. She was awarded a diploma by the University of Oxford
in 1922, a bachelor’s degree by the University of Oxford in 1924, a
master’s degree in 1927 and a doctor of science by the University of
Oxford in 1938. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries
of London in 1936. She was also a Fellow of the British Academy and the
Royal Anthropological Institute. She published in *Proceedings of the
Prehistoric Society of East Anglia*, *Proceedings of the Society of
Antiquaries of London* and *Proceedings of the University of Bristol
Spelæological Society*. She is known to have collaborated with Elsie
Margaret Clifford (Q807). She died in 1968.

## Miss Garston (Q3649: 3 statements)

Miss Garston’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1926.

## Miss P. Gaye (Q891: 7 statements)

Miss P. Gaye’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1893. She published in *Folklore*.

## Miss Geare (Q4201: 5 statements)

Miss Geare’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1926. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss A. K. Gedge (Q3492: 7 statements)

Miss A. K. Gedge’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1925. She was a member of the Bristol and Gloucestershire
Archaeological Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Ione Gedye (Q2555: 20 statements)

Ione Gedye was born in 1907. She studied at University College London
c. 1925. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University of
London. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She
published in *University of London Institute of Archaeology Bulletin*.
She is known to have collaborated with Delia Parker (Q2550). She died in
1990.

## Miss C. M. George (Q3532: 5 statements)

Miss C. M. George’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1937. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs E. Gibb (Q3539: 6 statements)

Mrs E. Gibb’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1938. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Frances Gibson (Q4308: 8 statements)

Frances Gibson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1922. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Margaret Dunlop Gibson (Q892: 29 statements)

Margaret Dunlop Gibson (née Smith) was born in 1843. She was awarded a
Doctor of Laws. She was a member of the British Archaeological
Association, the British Museum Reading Room and the International
Archaeological Congress. She published in *Proceedings of the Cambridge
Antiquarian Society*. She is known to have collaborated with Agnes Lewis
(Q956). She died in 1920.

## Swinburne Frederica Gifford (Q4552: 9 statements)

Swinburne Frederica Gifford (née Berkeley) was born in 1825.

## Annie Geddes Gilchrist (Q357: 34 statements)

Annie Geddes Gilchrist was born in 1863. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1935. She was a member of the
Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society, the
Folk-Song Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published
in *English Folk Dance and Song Society Journal* and *Transactions of
the Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society*.
She died in 1954.

## Helen Gilchrist (Q4196: 7 statements)

Helen Gilchrist’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1925. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Frederica Fanny Gill (Q2537: 9 statements)

Frederica Fanny Gill was born in 1848. She died in 1924.

## Miss Gill (Q3418: 4 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Miss Gill.

## Miss K. S. Glover (Q4063: 6 statements)

Miss K. S. Glover’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1914. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss M. M. Glover (Q4076: 6 statements)

Miss M. M. Glover’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1914. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Amy Joyce Godber (Q1500: 18 statements)

Amy Joyce Godber was born in 1906. She studied at St Hilda’s College
c. 1925. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University of Oxford
in 1928 and a master’s degree by the University of Oxford. She was
elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1947. She
published in *Bedfordshire Magazine*. She died in 1999.

## Hannah Lucy Goddard (Q2269: 14 statements)

Hannah Lucy Goddard (née Gooden-Chisholm, a.k.a. Baker) was born in
1856. She was a member of the London and Middlesex Archaeological
Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1932.

## Gertrude Mary Godden (Q893: 33 statements)

Gertrude Mary Godden was born in 1868. She studied at King’s College
Ladies Department c. 1894 and University College London c. 1912. She was
a Fellow of the Royal Anthropological Institute. She was a member of the
1891 International Folk-Lore Congress, the American Folklore Society,
the British Museum Reading Room, the Society for the Promotion of
Hellenic Studies, the Surrey Archaeological Society and The Folklore
Society. She published in *Folklore* and *Journal of the Royal
Anthropological Institute*. She died in 1947.

## Catherine Frere Goldsmid (Q3159: 5 statements)

Catherine Frere Goldsmid was born in 1859.

## Alice Bertha Gomme (Q894: 68 statements)

Alice Bertha Gomme (née Merck) was born in 1853. She was a member of the
1891 International Folk-Lore Congress, the 1928 Jubilee Congress of the
Folklore Society, the Balham and District Antiquarian and Natural
History Society, the Congres International des Sciences Anthropologiques
et Ethnonologiques, the Parliamentary Committee for Women’s Suffrage and
the Women’s Emancipation Union. She published in *Cornhill Magazine* and
*Folklore*. She is known to have collaborated with Charlotte Sophia
Burne (Q662). She died in 1938.

## Isabella Napier Good (Q2353: 7 statements)

Isabella Napier Good was born in 1856. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Olga Brilliana Adele Goodbody (Q2369: 14 statements)

Olga Brilliana Adele Goodbody (née Harley) was born in 1875. She was a
member of the International Congress of Prehistoric and Protohistoric
Sciences and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1936.

## Anne Goodison (Q2169: 18 statements)

Anne Goodison (née Padley) was born in 1845. She was a member of the
Royal Archaeological Institute, the Society for the Promotion of
Hellenic Studies and the Society of Biblical Archaeology. She died in
1906.

## Mrs Christopher Goodman (Q2576: 5 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Mrs Christopher
Goodman.

## Ada Goodrich-Freer (Q747: 48 statements)

Ada Goodrich-Freer (a.k.a. Spoer) was born in 1857. She was a member of
the Gaelic Society of Inverness, the Society for Psychical Research, The
Folklore Society and the Viking Society. She published in *Folklore*,
*Saga Book of the Viking Society*, *The Nineteenth Century* and
*Transactions of the Gaelic Society of Inverness*. She died in 1931.

## Miss A. S. Gordon (Q3491: 5 statements)

Miss A. S. Gordon’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1936. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Gordon (Q1572: 5 statements)

Mrs Gordon’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1899.

## Constance Frederica Gordon-Cumming (Q3270: 13 statements)

Constance Frederica Gordon-Cumming was born in 1837. She published in
*Atalanta* and *New Review*. She is known to have collaborated with
Eliza Maria Willoughby (Q985). She died in 1924.

## Eliza Maria Gordon-Cumming (Q2883: 7 statements)

Eliza Maria Gordon-Cumming was born in 1795. She died in 1842.

## Mary Harriet Gosset (Q897: 13 statements)

Mary Harriet Gosset was born in 1842. She was a Fellow of the Huguenot
Society of London. She published in *Proceedings of the Huguenot Society
of London* and *Publications of the Huguenot Society*.

## Beatrice Sophia Gough (Q2701: 11 statements)

Beatrice Sophia Gough (née Hemming) was born in 1857.

## Isabel Gough-Thomas (Q3829: 8 statements)

Isabel Gough-Thomas (a.k.a. Cranstone) was born in 1917. She studied at
Girton College c. 1936.

## Mrs Grace (Q2624: 4 statements)

Mrs Grace’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1930.

## Emily Marion Grafton (Q454: 17 statements)

Emily Marion Grafton was born in 1852. She was a member of the English
Dialect Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in
*Transactions of the Historic Society of Lancashire and Cheshire*. She
died in 1935.

## Rose Graham (Q57: 108 statements)

Rose Graham was born in 1876. She studied at Somerville College c. 1894
and the London School of Economics c. 1903. She was awarded a master’s
degree by the University of Oxford in 1920 and a Doctor of Letters by
the University of Oxford in 1929. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1920. She was also a Fellow of the
Royal Historical Society. She was a member of the Association for the
Education of Women, the British Archaeological Association, the British
Federation of University Women, the British Museum Reading Room, the
Canterbury and York Society, the Oxfordshire Record Society and the
Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in *Archaeologia*,
*Journal of the British Archaeological Association*, *Notting Hill High
School Magazine*, *Society of Comparative Legislation Journal*,
*Southend-on-Sea and District Antiquarian and Historical Society
Transactions*, *Surrey Archaeological Collections*, *The Archaeological
Journal*, *The Common Cause*, *The Conservative and Unionist Women’s
Franchise Review*, *Transactions of the Devonshire Association*,
*Transactions of the Royal Historical Society* and *Transactions of the
Shropshire Archaeological and Historical Society*. She is known to have
collaborated with Katherine Routledge (Q3628). She died in 1963.

## Rosalie Grant (Q2239: 8 statements)

Rosalie Grant’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1902. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Minna Gray (Q899: 20 statements)

Minna Gray was born in 1855. She was a member of the British Museum
Reading Room. She published in *The Art Journal* and *Transactions of
the Exeter Diocesan Architectural and Archaeological Society*.

## Mary Anne Everett Green (Q2092: 29 statements)

Mary Anne Everett Green (née Wood) was born in 1818. She was a member of
the Camden Society. She published in *Notes and Queries*. She died in
1895.

## Mary Green (Q216: 14 statements)

Mary Green (née Grimston, a.k.a. Edgerton Green) was born in 1849. She
was a member of the Essex Archaeological Society and the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Phyllis Green (Q3444: 5 statements)

Phyllis Green’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1935. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Dorothy Greene (Q1640: 20 statements)

Dorothy Greene was born in 1898. She was elected a Fellow of the Society
of Antiquaries of London in 1950. She published in *Archaeological
Newsletter*, *Transactions of the Hunter Archaeological Society* and
*Yorkshire Archaeological Journal*. She died in 1998.

## Miss Greene (Q903: 9 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Miss Greene. She
published in *Journal of the Co. Kildare Archaeological Society*.

## Mary Greg (Q2214: 21 statements)

Mary Greg (née Hope) was born in 1850. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute, the St George’s Company, the Surrey
Archaeological Society and the Wiltshire Archaeological and Natural
History Society. She died in 1949.

## Alice Grenfell (Q904: 39 statements)

Alice Grenfell (née Pyne) was born in 1842. She studied at University
College London c. 1890. She was a member of the Classical Association,
the Fabian Society, the International Congress for the History of
Religions, the Society for Psychical Research and the Society of
Biblical Archaeology. She published in *Proceedings of the Society of
Biblical Archaeology* and *Shafts*. She died in 1917.

## Olive Merival Griffiths (Q2966: 9 statements)

Olive Merival Griffiths was born in 1905. She was awarded a doctor of
philosophy. She was a member of the Bristol and Gloucestershire
Archaeological Society. She died in 1965.

## Mary Grigs (Q3825: 4 statements)

Mary Grigs’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1935.

## Ellen Jane Grimston (Q217: 12 statements)

Ellen Jane Grimston’s (née Woodhouse) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1885. She was a member of the Essex
Archaeological Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died
in 1938.

## Eleanor Grove (Q2419: 13 statements)

Eleanor Grove was born in 1826. She died in 1905.

## Florence Grove (Q905: 22 statements)

Florence Grove was born in 1847. She studied at the London School of
Economics c. 1897. She was a member of the Fabian Society and The
Folklore Society. She published in *Folklore*. She died in 1901.

## Mrs Gruner (Q3573: 5 statements)

Mrs Gruner’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1938. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Edith Mary Guest (Q3315: 20 statements)

Edith Mary Guest was born in 1873. She studied at the London School of
Medicine for Women c. 1908. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the
University of London in 1908 and a Doctor of Medicine by the University
of London in 1914. She was a Fellow of the Royal Anthropological
Institute. She was a member of the British Museum Reading Room, the
Cambrian Archaeological Association and the Llandudno Field Club. She
died in 1942.

## Amelia Gurney (Q4050: 8 statements)

Amelia Gurney’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1913. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute and
the Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies.

## Eliza Gutch (Q906: 36 statements)

Eliza Gutch (née Hutchinson) was born in 1840. She was a member of the
1891 International Folk-Lore Congress, the 1928 Jubilee Congress of the
Folklore Society, the English Dialect Society, The Folklore Society, the
Yorkshire Archaeological Society and the Yorkshire Architectural
Society. She published in *Associated Architectural Societies, Reports
and Papers* and *Folklore*. She is known to have collaborated with Mabel
Geraldine Woodruffe Peacock (Q1010) and Charlotte Latham (Q945). She
died in 1931.

## Ellen Emma Guthrie (Q907: 12 statements)

Ellen Emma Guthrie’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1885. She published in *Folklore*, *Leisure Hour* and *Sunday
at Home*.

## Miss Haddon (Q908: 9 statements)

Miss Haddon’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1879. She published in *Journal of the British Archaeological
Association* and *Proceedings of the Cambridge Antiquarian Society*.

## Sophia Letitia Hale-Hilton (Q210: 18 statements)

Sophia Letitia Hale-Hilton (née Hilton) was born in 1854. She was a
member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1930.

## Mrs E. Montague Hall (Q4300: 6 statements)

Mrs E. Montague Hall’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1929. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Mrs J E Hall (Q3053: 5 statements)

Mrs J E Hall’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1932. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Hallward (Q4212: 5 statements)

Mrs Hallward’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1927. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Elsie Hamilton (Q3614: 10 statements)

Elsie Hamilton was born in 1880. She was awarded a licentiate by the
Royal Academy of Music. She was a member of the Society of Women
Musicians. She is known to have collaborated with Kathleen Schlesinger
(Q2004). She died in 1965.

## Elizabeth Caroline Hamilton Gray (Q898: 25 statements)

Elizabeth Caroline Hamilton Gray (née Johnstone) was born in 1800. She
was a member of the Society of Biblical Archaeology. She published in
*Associated Architectural Societies, Reports and Papers*. She died in
1887.

## Mrs S. F. Hammond (Q2270: 7 statements)

Mrs S. F. Hammond’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1905. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss V. M. Hancock (Q3541: 5 statements)

Miss V. M. Hancock’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1938. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Winifred Hansard (Q572: 20 statements)

Winifred Hansard (a.k.a. Firth) was born in 1871. She studied at
University College London c. 1902 and the Royal Academy Schools. She
died in 1937.

## Amy C. Harding (Q2294: 8 statements)

Amy C. Harding’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1907. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss E. Harding (Q2303: 8 statements)

Miss E. Harding’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1909. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss Hardy (Q2837: 4 statements)

Miss Hardy’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1942.

## Bertha Gamage De Lacy Hargreaves (Q3479: 13 statements)

Bertha Gamage De Lacy Hargreaves (née Stradling-Carne) was born in 1865.
She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Florence Elizabeth Harmer (Q1439: 19 statements)

Florence Elizabeth Harmer was born in 1890. She studied at Girton
College c. 1908. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University
of London in 1911 and a master’s degree. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1947. She was also a Fellow of the
British Academy. She died in 1967.

## Mary Dormer Harris (Q909: 27 statements)

Mary Dormer Harris was born in 1867. She studied at Lady Margaret Hall
c. 1886. She was a member of the Association for the Education of Women
and the National Union of Women’s Suffrage Societies. She published in
*Journal of the British Archaeological Association*, *Proceedings of the
Society of Antiquaries of London* and *Transactions of the Birmingham
and Midland Institute*. She died in 1936.

## Dorothy H. Harrison (Q3488: 6 statements)

Dorothy H. Harrison’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1936. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Jane Ellen Harrison (Q911: 106 statements)

Jane Ellen Harrison was born in 1850. She studied at Newnham College
c. 1874 and University College London c. 1880 and 1887. She was awarded
a Doctor of Letters by the University of Aberdeen and a Doctor of
Letters by the University of Durham. She was a member of the British
Federation of University Women, the British Museum Reading Room, the
Cambridge Antiquarian Society, the Cambridge Philological Society, the
Classical Association, the German Archaeological Institute, the
International Archaeological Congress, the International Congress for
the History of Religions, the National Union of Women’s Suffrage
Societies, the Society for Psychical Research, the Society for the
Promotion of Hellenic Studies and the Society for the Promotion of Roman
Studies. She published in *Annual of the British School at Athens*,
*Journal of Hellenic Studies*, *Magazine of Art*, *Proceedings of the
Cambridge Antiquarian Society* and *The Woman’s World*. She is known to
have collaborated with Eugénie Sellers Strong (Q23). She died in 1928.

## Marian Chilton Harrison (Q913: 11 statements)

Marian Chilton Harrison’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1898. She published in *Folklore*.

## Miss Harriss (Q2157: 5 statements)

Miss Harriss’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1884.

## Emily Sophia Hartshorne (Q2114: 11 statements)

Emily Sophia Hartshorne was born in 1834.

## Margaret Hasluck (Q1944: 31 statements)

Margaret Hasluck (née Hardie) was born in 1885. She studied at the
University of Aberdeen c. 1902, Newnham College c. 1907 and the British
School at Athens c. 1911. She was awarded a master’s degree in 1907. She
was a Fellow of the Royal Anthropological Institute. She was a member of
the 1928 Jubilee Congress of the Folklore Society, the Congres
International des Sciences Anthropologiques et Ethnonologiques and The
Folklore Society. She is known to have collaborated with Agnes Ramsay
(Q1006). She died in 1948.

## Jacquetta Hawkes (Q106: 53 statements)

Jacquetta Hawkes (née Hopkins, a.k.a. Priestley) was born in 1910. She
studied at Newnham College c. 1929. She was awarded a master’s degree.
She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in
1940. She was a member of the Congres International des Sciences
Anthropologiques et Ethnonologiques and the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She published in *Antiquity*, *History Today*, *Journal of
the Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland*, *Man*, *Proceedings of the
Hampshire Field Club and Archaeological Society*, *Proceedings of the
Prehistoric Society of East Anglia*, *South-eastern Naturalist and
Antiquarian* and *The Archaeological Journal*. She died in 1996.

## Miss Hawkins (Q2690: 4 statements)

Miss Hawkins’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1938.

## Sarah Elizabeth Hay-Williams (Q2924: 7 statements)

Sarah Elizabeth Hay-Williams was born in 1801. She died in 1876.

## Miss Hayter (Q3419: 4 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Miss Hayter.

## Olive M. Heath (Q4456: 8 statements)

Olive M. Heath’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1930. She was a member of the Surrey Archaeological Society.

## Mrs Hedges (Q2275: 5 statements)

Mrs Hedges’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1906. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Theodora Helyar (Q914: 21 statements)

Theodora Helyar (née de Resnel) was born in 1820. She published in
*Berks, Bucks, and Oxon Archaeological Journal*. She died in 1909.

## Miss Heming (Q1134: 6 statements)

Miss Heming’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1888.

## Thalassa Mary Hencken (Q868: 30 statements)

Thalassa Mary Hencken (née Cruso) was born in 1909. She studied at the
London School of Economics c. 1927. She was awarded a diploma in 1931.
She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in
1938. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died
in 1997.

## Edith Henderson (Q540: 9 statements)

Edith Henderson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1914. She published in *Proceedings of the Prehistoric Society of
East Anglia*.

## Francoise Henry (Q1691: 30 statements)

Francoise Henry was born in 1902. She studied at the Sorbonne and the
École du Louvre. She was awarded a Doctor of Letters. She was elected a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1951. She was also a
Fellow of the Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland. She was a member
of the Royal Irish Academy. She published in *Journal of the British
Archaeological Association*, *Journal of the Cork Historical and
Archaeological Society*, *Journal of the County Louth Archaeological and
Historical Society*, *Journal of the Royal Society of Antiquaries of
Ireland* and *Proceedings of the Royal Irish Academy*. She died in 1982.

## Winifred Helen Heptinstall (Q1293: 14 statements)

Winifred Helen Heptinstall (née Winckworth) was born in 1880. She was a
member of the East Herts Archaeological Society.

## Augusta Charlotte Elizabeth Herbert (Q1380: 22 statements)

Augusta Charlotte Elizabeth Herbert (née Hall) was born in 1828. She
died in 1914.

## Florentia Caroline Herbert (Q915: 11 statements)

Florentia Caroline Herbert was born in 1858. She published in
*Transactions of the Shropshire Archaeological and Historical Society*.
She died in 1919.

## Victoria Alexandrina Mary Cecil Herbert (Q3065: 9 statements)

Victoria Alexandrina Mary Cecil Herbert was born in 1874. She was a
member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1957.

## Elizabeth Hetherington (Q1307: 11 statements)

Elizabeth Hetherington was born in 1856. She was a member of the
International Library Conference.

## Mabel Blundell Heynemann (Q1509: 28 statements)

Mabel Blundell Heynemann (née Blundell, a.k.a. Sichel) was born in 1866.
She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in
1948. She was a member of the Bronte Society, the Yorkshire
Archaeological Society and the Yorkshire Numismatic Society. She
published in *The Heaton Review* and *The Yorkshire Post*. She died in
1952.

## Mary Agnes Hickson (Q918: 18 statements)

Mary Agnes Hickson was born in 1821. She was a member of the Royal
Society of Antiquaries of Ireland. She published in *Journal of the
Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland*. She died in 1899.

## Rosalind Mary Theodosia Hill (Q1421: 21 statements)

Rosalind Mary Theodosia Hill was born in 1908. She studied at St Hilda’s
College c. 1928. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University
of Oxford in 1931 and 1937 and a master’s degree by the University of
Oxford in 1935. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries
of London in 1946. She was also a Fellow of the Royal Historical
Society. She died in 1997.

## Hildegarde Beatrice Hinde (Q919: 21 statements)

Hildegarde Beatrice Hinde (née Ginsburg) was born in 1871. She studied
at the Guildhall School of Music. She was a member of the International
Congress of Orientalists. She published in *Journal of the Royal
Anthropological Institute*. She died in 1959.

## Miss Hindmarch (Q2599: 4 statements)

Miss Hindmarch’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1927.

## Miss Hobling (Q3413: 4 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Miss Hobling.
She was possibly Margaret Hobling.

## Lady Hodder-Williams (Q4299: 4 statements)

Lady Hodder-Williams’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1929. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Elizabeth Hodges (Q920: 10 statements)

Elizabeth Hodges’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1894. She published in *Proceedings of the Clifton Antiquarian
Club*.

## Mrs. Hodges (Q3386: 5 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Mrs. Hodges.

## Elizabeth Hodgson (Q921: 35 statements)

Elizabeth Hodgson (née Cookson) was born in 1855. She was a member of
the Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society.
She published in *Nature Notes*, *Proceedings of the Society of
Antiquaries of Newcastle upon Tyne* and *Transactions of the Cumberland
and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society*. She is known to
have collaborated with Katherine Sophia Hodgson (Q1540). She died in
1935.

## Katherine Sophia Hodgson (Q1540: 27 statements)

Katherine Sophia Hodgson was born in 1889. She was elected a Fellow of
the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1948. She published in
*Transactions of the Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and
Archaeological Society*. She died in 1974.

## Edith Hoffman (Q3362: 4 statements)

Edith Hoffman’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1935. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss M. A. Hogg (Q922: 11 statements)

Miss M. A. Hogg’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1879. She published in *Norfolk Archaeology* and *Numismatic
Chronicle*.

## Evelyn Mary Holden (Q923: 25 statements)

Evelyn Mary Holden (née Walter) was born in 1862. She was a member of
the Berkshire Archaeological Society, the British Archaeological
Association, the Royal Archaeological Institute and the Thoroton
Society. She published in *Transactions of the Thoroton Society of
Nottinghamshire*.

## Mary Scarlet Holgate (Q266: 22 statements)

Mary Scarlet Holgate was born in 1862. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1933. She was a member of the Sussex
Archaeological Society. She published in *Sussex Archaeological
Collections* and *Sussex Notes and Queries*. She died in 1940.

## Lucy Mabel Holland Walker (Q3423: 10 statements)

Lucy Mabel Holland Walker (née Lancashire) was born in 1877.

## Mabelle Holmes (Q925: 13 statements)

Mabelle Holmes was born in 1859. She published in *Transactions of the
Hampstead Antiquarian and Historical Society*. She died in 1937.

## Marjorie Blanche Honeybourne (Q1533: 23 statements)

Marjorie Blanche Honeybourne was born in 1899. She studied at Bedford
College c. 1921 and 1929, London Day Training College c. 1922 and the
Institute of Historical Research c. 1925. She was awarded a Diploma in
Pedagogy by the University of London in 1922, a bachelor’s degree by the
University of London in 1921 and a master’s degree by the University of
London in 1929. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries
of London in 1948. She published in *Journal of the British
Archaeological Association* and *Transactions of the London and
Middlesex Archaeological Society*. She died in 1974.

## Mary Hope (Q2311: 18 statements)

Mary Hope (née Jeffries) was born in 1869. She was a member of the Essex
Archaeological Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died
in 1952.

## Therese Mary Hope (Q2604: 12 statements)

Therese Mary Hope was born in 1895. She was a member of the Central
Asian Society and the Essex Archaeological Society. She published in
*Essex Review*.

## Agnes Conway Horsfield (Q916: 57 statements)

Agnes Conway Horsfield (née Conway) was born in 1885. She studied at
King’s College Ladies Department c. 1901, Newnham College c. 1903, the
London School of Economics c. 1909, the British School at Rome c. 1911,
the British School at Athens c. 1913, the Institute of Historical
Research c. 1922 and University College London c. 1926. She was awarded
a bachelor’s degree by Trinity College Dublin in 1907 and a master’s
degree by the University of London in 1926. She was a member of the
British Federation of University Women, the Cambridge Antiquarian
Society, the Central Asian Society and the Classical Association. She
published in *Westminster Gazette*. She died in 1950.

## Agnes Jane Hugo (Q1382: 13 statements)

Agnes Jane Hugo (née Buchanan, a.k.a. Harkness) was born in 1814. She
died in 1881.

## Eleanor Henrietta Hull (Q928: 43 statements)

Eleanor Henrietta Hull was born in 1860. She studied at the Royal
College of Science, Dublin c. 1879 and University College London
c. 1912. She was a member of the 1928 Jubilee Congress of the Folklore
Society, the British Museum Reading Room, the Folk-Song Society, the
Irish Texts Society, The Folklore Society and the Viking Society. She
published in *Alexandra College Magazine*, *Folklore* and *Journal of
the Transactions of the Victoria Institute*. She died in 1935.

## Annie E. Hulme (Q2227: 9 statements)

Annie E. Hulme’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1901. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Humphries (Q4318: 5 statements)

Mrs Humphries’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1931. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Alice Mary Hunt (Q2268: 8 statements)

Alice Mary Hunt’s (née Elliott) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1905. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Edith M. Hunt (Q1323: 11 statements)

Edith M. Hunt’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1940. She was a member of the East Herts Archaeological Society.
She died in 1962.

## Louise Hurren (Q2854: 4 statements)

Louise Hurren’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1906.

## Georgiana Susan Hurt (Q929: 13 statements)

Georgiana Susan Hurt was born in 1819. She was a member of the
Derbyshire Archaeology and Natural History Society. She published in
*Journal of the Derbyshire Archaeology and Natural History Society*. She
died in 1901.

## Constance Eleanor Husband (Q3048: 6 statements)

Constance Eleanor Husband’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1923. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Caroline Amy Hutton (Q931: 39 statements)

Caroline Amy Hutton was born in 1860. She studied at Girton College
c. 1879, University College London c. 1893 and the British School at
Athens c. 1896. She was a member of the British Federation of University
Women, the British Museum Reading Room, the Classical Association, the
Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies and the Society for the
Promotion of Roman Studies. She published in *Annual of the British
School at Athens*, *Journal of Hellenic Studies* and *Proceedings of the
Society of Antiquaries of London*. She died in 1931.

## Miss Ingleby (Q4122: 6 statements)

Miss Ingleby’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1922. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Edith Jackson (Q3830: 4 statements)

Edith Jackson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1939.

## Hannah Jackson Gwilt (Q2103: 25 statements)

Hannah Jackson Gwilt (née Gwilt) was born in 1807. She was a member of
the British Association for the Advancement of Science and the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She died in 1893.

## Miss Jackson (Q2148: 6 statements)

Miss Jackson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1883. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Evelyn Mary Jamison (Q803: 22 statements)

Evelyn Mary Jamison was born in 1877. She studied at Lady Margaret Hall
c. 1898 and the London School of Economics c. 1903. She was awarded a
master’s degree by the University of Oxford in 1920. She was elected a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1944. She published in
*Papers of the British School at Rome* and *The English Historical
Review*. She died in 1972.

## Catharine Ann Janvier (Q932: 26 statements)

Catharine Ann Janvier (née Drinker) was born in 1841. She studied at
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. She was a member of the British
Museum Reading Room and the Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies.
She published in *Folklore*. She died in 1922.

## Millicent Jast (Q4458: 23 statements)

Millicent Jast’s (née Murby) earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1907. She was a member of the Fabian Society and the
Fabian Women’s Group.

## Emma Compton Jeddere-Fisher (Q214: 15 statements)

Emma Compton Jeddere-Fisher (née Barr) was born in 1854. She was a
member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1928.

## Miss Jeffries (Q2219: 7 statements)

Miss Jeffries’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1900. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Eliza Jeffries Davis (Q153: 61 statements)

Eliza Jeffries Davis was born in 1875. She studied at the London School
of Economics c. 1904 and University College London c. 1917. She was
awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University of London in 1897 and a
master’s degree by the University of London in 1913. She was elected a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1929. She was also a
Fellow of the Royal Historical Society and University College London.
She was a member of the British Federation of University Women, the
Canterbury and York Society, the Classical Association, the Library
Association and the London Survey Committee. She published in
*University College Magazine*. She is known to have collaborated with
Joyce Jeffries Davis (Q761), Margaret Emily Cornford (Q762) and Isobel
Dorothy Thornley (Q866). She died in 1943.

## Joyce Jeffries Davis (Q761: 15 statements)

Joyce Jeffries Davis (a.k.a. Dickinson) was born in 1881. She studied at
St Hilda’s College c. 1901 and the London School of Economics c. 1904.
She is known to have collaborated with Eliza Jeffries Davis (Q153) and
Margaret Emily Cornford (Q762). She died in 1933.

## Lucy Adela Jenner (Q2571: 20 statements)

Lucy Adela Jenner was born in 1859. She studied at University College
London c. 1878 and 1883 and King’s College Ladies Department c. 1894.
She was a member of the British Archaeological Association, the
International Woman Suffrage Alliance, the Pipe Roll Society and the
Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings. She died in 1909.

## Hermoine Louisa Fanny Jennings (Q933: 12 statements)

Hermoine Louisa Fanny Jennings (a.k.a. Cartwright) was born in 1883. She
published in *Folklore*.

## Mrs Jennings (Q2544: 4 statements)

Mrs Jennings’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1925.

## Martha Jervis (Q2143: 23 statements)

Martha Jervis (née Markham) was born in 1824. She was a Fellow of the
Royal Historical Society. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute and the Société historique et archéologique de Pontoise. She
published in *Notes and Queries*. She died in 1889.

## Mrs Jervoise (Q3416: 5 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Mrs Jervoise.

## Alice Johnson (Q4567: 9 statements)

Alice Johnson was born in 1869. She studied at the London School of
Medicine for Women. She was awarded a Doctor of Medicine. She died in
1938.

## Miss Johnson (Q2595: 4 statements)

Miss Johnson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1927.

## Grace Johnstone (Q934: 19 statements)

Grace Johnstone was born in 1849. She was a member of the British Museum
Reading Room and the Devonshire Association. She published in
*Transactions of the Devonshire Association* and *University Extension
Journal*. She died in 1900.

## Norah Jolliffe (Q108: 43 statements)

Norah Jolliffe was born in 1900. She studied at Girton College c. 1918
and the British School at Rome. She was awarded a diploma by the
University of Cambridge in 1922. She was a member of the Cambridge
Antiquarian Society, the International Congress of Prehistoric and
Protohistoric Sciences, the Royal Archaeological Institute, the Society
for the Promotion of Roman Studies and The Folklore Society. She
published in *The Archaeological Journal*. She is known to have
collaborated with Eugénie Sellers Strong (Q23). She died in 1951.

## Catherine Rachel Jones (Q935: 22 statements)

Catherine Rachel Jones (née Gurney) was born in 1829. She published in
*Edinburgh Review*, *Fraser’s Magazine*, *Norfolk Archaeology* and *The
Century*. She died in 1895.

## Emily Elizabeth Constance Jones (Q213: 34 statements)

Emily Elizabeth Constance Jones was born in 1848. She studied at Girton
College c. 1875. She was a member of the British Association for the
Advancement of Science, the British Federation of University Women, the
Cambridge Antiquarian Society, the Classical Association, the Royal
Archaeological Institute, the Society for the Protection of Ancient
Buildings and the Viking Society. She died in 1922.

## Evelyn Mary Jones (Q936: 19 statements)

Evelyn Mary Jones (née Bevan) was born in 1853. She was a member of the
Society for Psychical Research. She published in *Folklore*. She died in
1912.

## Mary Isabella Jordan (Q937: 15 statements)

Mary Isabella Jordan (née Metcalfe) was born in 1868. She was a member
of the Devonshire Association. She published in *Transactions of the
Devonshire Association*. She died in 1905.

## Alice Annie Keary (Q938: 13 statements)

Alice Annie Keary was born in 1858. She published in *Folklore*. She is
known to have collaborated with Charlotte Sophia Burne (Q662).

## Edith Murray Keate (Q1107: 29 statements)

Edith Murray Keate was born in 1867. She studied at Hampton Court
Extension Centre c. 1891 and the London School of Economics c. 1913. She
was awarded a Certificate by the London Society for the Extension of
University Teaching in 1892. She was a Fellow of the Royal Historical
Society. She was a member of the Navy Records Society. She published in
*Country Life*, *The Lady’s Realm* and *Windsor Magazine*. She died in
1945.

## Phoebe Alice Marion Keef (Q1116: 27 statements)

Phoebe Alice Marion Keef was born in 1896. She studied at University
College London c. 1934. She was awarded a Academic diploma in
Archaeology by the University of London in 1934. She was a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of Scotland. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute and the Sussex Archaeological Society. She
published in *Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of London*,
*Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland* and *Sussex
Notes and Queries*. She died in 1978.

## Veronica Mildred Keiller (Q3740: 14 statements)

Veronica Mildred Keiller (née Liddell) was born in 1899. She was a
Fellow of the Royal Anthropological Institute. She was a member of the
Wiltshire Archaeological and Natural History Society. She died in 1964.

## Jocelyn Eva Kellett (Q1528: 17 statements)

Jocelyn Eva Kellett (née Holland) was born in 1914. She was awarded a
Bachelor of Commerce by the University of Leeds. She was a member of the
Thoresby Society and the York Georgian Society.

## Mrs Kelly (Q3587: 7 statements)

Mrs Kelly’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1939. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Alice Kemp-Welch (Q2681: 25 statements)

Alice Kemp-Welch (née Leckie) was born in 1856. She studied at
University College London c. 1889 and 1912. She was a member of the
Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies and the Society for the
Promotion of Roman Studies. She published in *Country Life*, *The
Archaeological Journal*, *The Englishwoman*, *The Monthly Review* and
*The Nineteenth Century*. She died in 1944.

## Catherine Kemplay (Q19: 10 statements)

Catherine Kemplay was born in 1850. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute and the Suffolk Institute of Archaeology. She
died in 1924.

## Anne Kennedy (Q939: 10 statements)

Anne Kennedy’s (a.k.a. Ure) earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1862. She published in *Proceedings of the Society of
Antiquaries of Scotland*.

## Louise Kennedy (Q940: 14 statements)

Louise Kennedy’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1893. She was a member of the American Folklore Society, the
International Congress for the History of Religions, the Royal Asiatic
Society and The Folklore Society. She published in *Folklore*.

## Mrs Kennett (Q2539: 4 statements)

Mrs Kennett’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1898.

## Kathleen Mary Kenyon (Q709: 80 statements)

Kathleen Mary Kenyon was born in 1906. She studied at Somerville College
c. 1925. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University of Oxford
in 1928, a master’s degree by the University of Oxford in 1933 and a
Doctor of Letters by the University of London in 1954. She was elected a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1936. She was also a
Fellow of the British Academy. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute and the Surrey Archaeological Society. She
published in *Annual Report of the University of London Institute of
Archaeology*, *Archaeologia*, *Archaeological Newsletter*, *The
Archaeological Journal* and *Transactions of the Woolhope Naturalists
Field Club*. She died in 1978.

## Louisa Hay Kerr (Q21: 36 statements)

Louisa Hay Kerr (née Hough) was born in 1806. She was a member of the
Antiquarian Society of Vienna, the British Archaeological Association,
the Geographical Society of Vienna, the London and Middlesex
Archaeological Society, the Royal Archaeological Institute and the
Shelley Society. She died in 1900.

## Mrs Key (Q2296: 7 statements)

Mrs Key’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1908. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss Keyser (Q2622: 4 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Miss Keyser.

## Mrs Kingdon (Q1388: 5 statements)

Mrs Kingdon’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1894.

## Florence Kingsford (Q573: 29 statements)

Florence Kingsford (a.k.a. Cockerell) was born in 1873. She was a member
of the British Museum Reading Room. She is known to have collaborated
with Jessie Mothersole (Q549), Margaret Alice Murray (Q569) and Hilda
Petrie (Q1909). She died in 1949.

## Mary Henrietta Kingsley (Q941: 36 statements)

Mary Henrietta Kingsley was born in 1862. She was a Fellow of the Royal
Anthropological Institute. She was a member of the British Museum
Reading Room. She published in *Folklore*. She died in 1900.

## Miss Kingsley (Q2164: 6 statements)

Miss Kingsley’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1886. She was possibly Rose Kingsley, founder of Leamington High
School.

## Joan Radcliffe Kirk (Q1706: 22 statements)

Joan Radcliffe Kirk (a.k.a. Clarke) was born in 1924. She studied at
Oxford Home Students c. 1941. She was awarded a master’s degree. She was
elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1951. She
published in *Archaeologia Cantiana*, *Archaeological Newsletter* and
*Oxoniensia*. She died in 2007.

## Florence Beatrice Kneen (Q3544: 11 statements)

Florence Beatrice Kneen was born in 1897. She was a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of Scotland. She was a member of the Isle of Man
Natural History and Archaeological Society and the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Maude Caroline Knight (Q942: 18 statements)

Maude Caroline Knight (née Hill) was born in 1866. She was a member of
the British Museum Reading Room and the St Albans and Hertfordshire
Architectural and Archaeological Society. She published in *Transactions
of the St Albans and Hertfordshire Architectural and Archaeological
Society*. She died in 1916.

## Mrs Knight (Q1383: 6 statements)

Mrs Knight’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1877.

## Josephine Knowles (Q469: 8 statements)

Josephine Knowles’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1905. She published in *The Archaeological Journal*.

## Matilda Cullen Knowles (Q943: 22 statements)

Matilda Cullen Knowles was born in 1864. She was a member of the Belfast
Naturalists’ Field Club. She published in *Journal of the Limerick Field
Club*. She died in 1933.

## Edith Annie Knox Little (Q2344: 7 statements)

Edith Annie Knox Little’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1895. She studied at Lady Margaret Hall c. 1895. She
was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Kreitmayer (Q3455: 5 statements)

Mrs Kreitmayer’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1936. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Olivia Christine Köhler (Q2873: 12 statements)

Olivia Christine Köhler (a.k.a. Smith) was born in 1876. She studied at
Girton College c. 1895. She was a member of the British Museum Reading
Room. She died in 1923.

## Winifred Lamb (Q238: 46 statements)

Winifred Lamb was born in 1894. She studied at University College London
c. 1911, Newnham College c. 1913 and the British School at Athens
c. 1920, 1921 and 1927. She was awarded a master’s degree and a doctor
of science in 1940. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of London in 1932. She was a member of the Sussex
Archaeological Society and The Folklore Society. She died in 1963.

## Marian Ethel Fane Lambarde (Q4307: 11 statements)

Marian Ethel Fane Lambarde (née Hinks) was born in 1872. She was a
member of the Albemarle Club and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She
died in 1948.

## Henrietta Lambert (Q2149: 10 statements)

Henrietta Lambert was born in 1821. She was a Fellow of the Zoological
Society. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Helen Landon (Q3525: 6 statements)

Helen Landon’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1937. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Louisa Isabella Langton (Q4046: 13 statements)

Louisa Isabella Langton (a.k.a. Langton-Featherston) was born in 1851.
She was a member of the Architectural Society of the Archdeaconries of
Northampton and Oakham and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died
in 1942.

## Mrs Lascelles (Q16: 7 statements)

Mrs Lascelles’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1895. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Charlotte Latham (Q945: 23 statements)

Charlotte Latham (née Warren, a.k.a. Roberts) was born in 1802. She
published in *Folk-Lore Record* and *Folklore*. She is known to have
collaborated with Eliza Gutch (Q906). She died in 1883.

## Alice Law (Q947: 30 statements)

Alice Law was born in 1867. She studied at Girton College c. 1885. She
was a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society and the Royal Society of
Literature. She was a member of the Lyceum Club and the Society of Women
Journalists. She published in *Fortnightly Review*, *The Athenaeum* and
*Transactions of the Royal Historical Society*. She died in 1942.

## Miss L. A. Law (Q950: 8 statements)

Miss L. A. Law’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1900. She was probably Louisa Augusta Law. She published in
*Folklore*.

## Violet Christine Lawe (Q3467: 8 statements)

Violet Christine Lawe was born in 1892. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Henrietta Lawes (Q4562: 15 statements)

Henrietta Lawes was born in 1861. She studied at Reading School of Art
c. 1890 and the University of Reading c. 1897. She was awarded a
Certificate by the University of Reading in 1897. She was a member of
the British Museum Reading Room. She died in 1947.

## Emily Margaret Lawson (Q948: 19 statements)

Emily Margaret Lawson (née Malcolm) was born in 1825. She published in
*Transactions of the Bristol and Gloucestershire Archaeological
Society*.

## Miss Lawson (Q4075: 5 statements)

Miss Lawson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1914. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Lady Lawson-Tancred (Q4120: 5 statements)

Lady Lawson-Tancred’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1922. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Florence Louisa Layard (Q949: 31 statements)

Florence Louisa Layard was born in 1849. She was a Fellow of the
Huguenot Society of London. She published in *Fortnightly Review*,
*Proceedings of the Huguenot Society of London*, *Publications of the
Huguenot Society*, *The Antiquary*, *The National Review*, *The
Reliquary and Illustrated Archaeologist*, *The Scottish Review* and *The
Woman’s World*. She died in 1924.

## Ida Helen Layard (Q951: 24 statements)

Ida Helen Layard was born in 1852. She was a Fellow of the Huguenot
Society of London. She was a member of the British Museum Reading Room.
She published in *Proceedings of the Huguenot Society of London*. She
died in 1928.

## Nina Frances Layard (Q60: 85 statements)

Nina Frances Layard was born in 1853. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1921. She was also a Fellow of the
Linnean Society and the Royal Anthropological Institute. She was a
member of the British Association for the Advancement of Science, the
Essex Archaeological Society, the Prehistoric Society of East Anglia,
the Royal Archaeological Institute and the Suffolk Institute of
Archaeology. She published in *Archaeologia*, *Journal of the Royal
Anthropological Institute*, *Proceedings of the Cambridge Antiquarian
Society*, *Proceedings of the Prehistoric Society of East Anglia*,
*Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of London*, *Proceedings of
the Suffolk Institute of Archaeology and Natural History* and *The
Archaeological Journal*. She died in 1935.

## Isabel Jane Le Gros (Q4052: 7 statements)

Isabel Jane Le Gros was born in 1861. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Constance Lee (Q952: 11 statements)

Constance Lee was born in 1868. She was a member of the Devonshire
Association. She published in *Transactions of the Devonshire
Association*.

## Kate Lee (Q953: 24 statements)

Kate Lee (née Spooner) was born in 1858. She studied at the Royal
College of Music. She was a member of the Folk-Song Society and The
Folklore Society. She published in *Folklore*. She died in 1904.

## Ethel Lega-Weekes (Q954: 38 statements)

Ethel Lega-Weekes was born in 1864. She studied at the Slade School of
Fine Art c. 1893. She was a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She
was a member of the Devonshire Association, the Manorial Society and the
Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in *Home Counties
Magazine*, *Notes and Queries* and *Transactions of the Devonshire
Association*. She died in 1949.

## Mrs Lennon (Q1687: 7 statements)

Mrs Lennon’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1880. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Ellen Marianne Leonard (Q955: 31 statements)

Ellen Marianne Leonard was born in 1869. She studied at Girton College
c. 1885, University College London c. 1889, the London School of
Economics c. 1895, Bedford College and University College Bristol. She
was awarded a master’s degree by Trinity College Dublin in 1907. She was
a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She published in *Transactions
of the Royal Historical Society*. She died in 1953.

## Georgia Louise Leonard (Q2190: 18 statements)

Georgia Louise Leonard was born in 1855. She was a member of the
Association for the Advancement of Women and the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She published in *The Open Court*.

## Miss A. Leslie (Q2378: 6 statements)

Miss A. Leslie’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1893. She may be the same person as Amy Wintle Johnston (Q3650).

## Gertrude Rachel Levy (Q1423: 30 statements)

Gertrude Rachel Levy was born in 1883. She studied at the Royal Academy
Schools c. 1906 and Bedford College. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree
by the University of London in 1902 and a master’s degree by the
University of London in 1924. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of London in 1946. She died in 1966.

## Agnes Lewis (Q956: 34 statements)

Agnes Lewis (née Smith) was born in 1843. She was awarded a Doctor of
Laws. She was a member of the British Archaeological Association, the
British Association for the Advancement of Science, the British Museum
Reading Room, the International Archaeological Congress, the Royal
Asiatic Society and the Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies. She
published in *Proceedings of the Cambridge Antiquarian Society*. She is
known to have collaborated with Margaret Dunlop Gibson (Q892). She died
in 1926.

## Dorothy Mary Liddell (Q256: 31 statements)

Dorothy Mary Liddell was born in 1890. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1932. She was also a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of Scotland. She was a member of the Hampshire
Field Club & Archaeological Society. She published in *Proceedings of
the Devon Archaeological Exploration Society* and *Proceedings of the
Hampshire Field Club and Archaeological Society*. She died in 1938.

## Ann Liddendale (Q2848: 4 statements)

Ann Liddendale’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1944.

## Dora Emily Limebeer (Q2675: 18 statements)

Dora Emily Limebeer was born in 1874. She studied at University College
London c. 1893 and Bedford College. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree
by the University of London in 1895 and a master’s degree by the
University of London in 1898. She was a member of the Classical
Association, the Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies and the
Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies. She died in 1958.

## Julia Lindley (Q3506: 6 statements)

Julia Lindley’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1913. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Lilian Mary Lindsay (Q1552: 28 statements)

Lilian Mary Lindsay (née Murray) was born in 1871. She studied at the
University of Edinburgh. She was awarded a Licence in Dental Surgery and
a Doctor of Laws by the University of Edinburgh. She was elected a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1949. She died in
1960.

## Joan Eileen Annie Liversidge (Q1674: 20 statements)

Joan Eileen Annie Liversidge was born in 1914. She studied at Newnham
College c. 1934. She was awarded a diploma in 1942 and a master’s degree
by the University of Cambridge in 1949. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1950. She published in *Antiquity*.
She died in 1984.

## Eleanor Lloyd (Q957: 22 statements)

Eleanor Lloyd was born in 1844. She was a member of the British Museum
Reading Room, the English Dialect Society and the Sussex Archaeological
Society. She published in *Surrey Archaeological Collections*, *Sussex
Archaeological Collections*, *Transactions of the East Riding
Antiquarian Society*, *Transactions of the East Riding Archaeological
Society* and *Yorkshire Archaeological Journal*. She died in 1919.

## Mary Doreen Lobel (Q1707: 24 statements)

Mary Doreen Lobel (née Rogers) was born in 1900. She studied at St
Hugh’s College. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University of
Oxford. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London
in 1952. She was also a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She
published in *Proceedings of the Suffolk Institute of Archaeology and
Natural History*. She died in 1993.

## Mrs G. H. Locket (Q3542: 7 statements)

Mrs G. H. Locket’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1938. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute and
the Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies.

## Thomazine Mary Lockyer (Q219: 38 statements)

Thomazine Mary Lockyer (née Browne, a.k.a. Brodhurst) was born in 1852.
She studied at Queen’s College, Harley Street c. 1868 and the London
School of Economics c. 1899. She was a member of the British Association
for the Advancement of Science, the British Science Guild, the
Devonshire Association, the London Survey Committee, the London
Topographical Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died
in 1943.

## Sophia Crawford Lomas (Q960: 37 statements)

Sophia Crawford Lomas (née Williamson) was born in 1849. She studied at
the London School of Economics c. 1897 and the University of Manchester.
She was a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She was a member of
the British Museum Reading Room. She published in *The Athenaeum* and
*Transactions of the Royal Historical Society*. She died in 1929.

## Annie Frances Long (Q964: 11 statements)

Annie Frances Long was born in 1855. She was a member of the County
Kildare Archaeological Society. She published in *Journal of the
Co. Kildare Archaeological Society*.

## Margaret C. Long (Q961: 7 statements)

Margaret C. Long’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1897. She published in *Journal of the Derbyshire Archaeology and
Natural History Society*.

## Marjorie Longden (Q3501: 10 statements)

Marjorie Longden’s (née Mullins) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1906. She was a member of the Derbyshire
Archaeology and Natural History Society and the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Mrs Longden (Q4496: 5 statements)

Mrs Longden’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1915. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Gertrude Longfield (Q2348: 9 statements)

Gertrude Longfield was born in 1868. She was a member of the British
Association for the Advancement of Science and the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Margaret Helen Longhurst (Q165: 24 statements)

Margaret Helen Longhurst was born in 1882. She was elected a Fellow of
the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1929. She published in
*Archaeologia*. She died in 1958.

## Hilda Lockhart Lorimer (Q962: 39 statements)

Hilda Lockhart Lorimer was born in 1873. She studied at Girton College
c. 1893, the British School at Athens c. 1901, 1910 and 1921 and Dundee
University College. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the
University of London in 1893 and a bachelor’s degree by Trinity College
Dublin. She was a member of the International Congress for the History
of Religions, the Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies and the
Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies. She published in *Journal of
Hellenic Studies*. She died in 1954.

## Miss Lowenthal (Q1110: 14 statements)

Miss Lowenthal’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1937. She was probably Helen Olga Lowenthal.

## Mrs Lowndes (Q4055: 6 statements)

Mrs Lowndes’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1913. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Harriet Loyd Lindsay (Q779: 24 statements)

Harriet Loyd Lindsay (née Loyd-Jones) was born in 1837. She was a member
of the Royal Colonial Institute. She died in 1920.

## Mary Lumsden (Q222: 18 statements)

Mary Lumsden was born in 1874. She studied at Girton College c. 1893 and
the London School of Economics c. 1911. She was a member of the Ladies
Alpine Club, the Royal Archaeological Institute, the Society for the
Promotion of Hellenic Studies, the Society for the Protection of Ancient
Buildings and the Surrey Archaeological Society. She died in 1931.

## Mary G. Lupton (Q965: 14 statements)

Mary G. Lupton was born in 1838. She was a member of the Oxfordshire
Archaeological Society. She published in *Transactions of the
Oxfordshire Archaeological Society*. She died in 1901.

## Mrs E. Maberly (Q1143: 5 statements)

Mrs E. Maberly’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1891.

## Dorothy Macarthy (Q4216: 14 statements)

Dorothy Macarthy (a.k.a. Howard) was born in 1896. She was a member of
the Royal Archaeological Institute and the Society of Antiquaries of
Newcastle upon Tyne.

## Edith Macarthy (Q3437: 14 statements)

Edith Macarthy was born in 1866. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute and the Society of Antiquaries of Newcastle
upon Tyne.

## Louisa Macdonald (Q969: 32 statements)

Louisa Macdonald was born in 1858. She studied at University College
London c. 1880 and 1888. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the
University of London in 1884 and a master’s degree by the University of
London in 1886. She was a member of the British Museum Reading Room, the
College Hall Old Students Association, the Society for the Promotion of
Hellenic Studies and the Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies. She
published in *Proceedings of the Society of Biblical Archaeology*. She
died in 1949.

## Miss M. MacEwan (Q4192: 6 statements)

Miss M. MacEwan’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1925. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Jessie MacGregor (Q970: 46 statements)

Jessie MacGregor was born in 1847. She studied at the Royal Academy
Schools c. 1870 and the Slade School of Fine Art c. 1874. She was a
member of the British Museum Reading Room, the Literary and
Philosophical Society of Liverpool and the Society of Women Artists. She
published in *Proceedings of the Literary and Philosophical Society of
Liverpool*. She is known to have collaborated with Charlotte Carmichael
Stopes (Q1053). She died in 1919.

## Emily Smythies Machell Smith (Q2276: 12 statements)

Emily Smythies Machell Smith (née Greene) was born in 1842. She was a
member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Dorothy Mary Mackay (Q792: 37 statements)

Dorothy Mary Mackay (née Simmons) was born in 1881. She studied at
University College London c. 1901. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree
by the University of London in 1902 and 1909. She was elected a Fellow
of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1952. She published in
*Antiquity*, *Blue Peter*, *Iraq (Journal)* and *The Geographical
Magazine*. She died in 1953.

## Nina Mackay (Q4116: 8 statements)

Nina Mackay’s (née Savage) earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1915. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Mary Mackellar (Q973: 27 statements)

Mary Mackellar (née Cameron) was born in 1834. She published in *Oban
Times and Argyllshire Advertiser*, *The Celtic Magazine* and
*Transactions of the Gaelic Society of Inverness*. She died in 1890.

## Georgina Mackeson (Q1390: 12 statements)

Georgina Mackeson (née Moresby) was born in 1868. She was a member of
the Aristotelian Society and the Society for Psychical Research.

## Christian Maclagan (Q974: 23 statements)

Christian Maclagan was born in 1811. She was a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of Scotland. She was a member of the British Association for
the Advancement of Science. She published in *Proceedings of the Society
of Antiquaries of Scotland*. She died in 1901.

## Flora A. MacLeod (Q975: 10 statements)

Flora A. MacLeod’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1906. She was a member of the Shropshire Archaeological Society.
She published in *Transactions of the Shropshire Archaeological and
Historical Society*.

## Sigríður Magnusson (Q2178: 37 statements)

Sigríður Magnusson (née Einarsdóttir) was born in 1831. She was a member
of the International Congress of Women’s Works and Institutions and the
Viking Society. She died in 1916.

## Miss Mainwaring (Q1137: 5 statements)

Miss Mainwaring’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1889.

## Kathleen Major (Q862: 26 statements)

Kathleen Major was born in 1906. She studied at St Hilda’s College
c. 1925. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University of Oxford
in 1928 and 1931 and a master’s degree by the University of Oxford in
1932. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London
in 1942. She was also a Fellow of the British Academy and the Royal
Historical Society. She died in 2000.

## Ella B. Mangus (Q4311: 9 statements)

Ella B. Mangus was born in 1888. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Mann (Q3324: 5 statements)

Mrs Mann’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1929. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Marcen (Q1603: 5 statements)

Mrs Marcen’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1914.

## Renee Marcouse (Q1113: 21 statements)

Renee Marcouse was born in 1907. She studied at the Institut supérieur
d’histoire de l’art et d’archéologie de Bruxelles. She was awarded a
Licencie by the Institut supérieur d’histoire de l’art et d’archéologie
de Bruxelles in 1935 and a doctor of philosophy. She was a member of the
Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1986.

## Sarah Marks (Q2377: 14 statements)

Sarah Marks (a.k.a. Ayrton) was born in 1854. She studied at Girton
College c. 1881. She is known to have collaborated with Eugénie Sellers
Strong (Q23). She died in 1923.

## Elizabeth Marriage (Q3583: 6 statements)

Elizabeth Marriage’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1939. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Marsh (Q4173: 6 statements)

Mrs Marsh’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1924. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Marsh (Q4176: 6 statements)

Mrs Marsh’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1924. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Dorothy Nairn Marshall (Q3312: 10 statements)

Dorothy Nairn Marshall was born in 1900. She was a Fellow of the Society
of Antiquaries of Scotland. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She died in 1992.

## Catherine Martin (Q3821: 4 statements)

Catherine Martin’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1933.

## Katharine Susanna Martin (Q2572: 15 statements)

Katharine Susanna Martin was born in 1873. She studied at the London
School of Economics c. 1899 and 1906. She was a member of the British
Museum Reading Room.

## Mary Trice Martin (Q976: 31 statements)

Mary Trice Martin was born in 1868. She published in *Proceedings of the
Society of Antiquaries of Newcastle upon Tyne*. She is known to have
collaborated with Maud Sellers (Q577). She died in 1925.

## Miss Martin (Q2309: 6 statements)

Miss Martin’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1913. She is known to have collaborated with Eugénie Sellers
Strong (Q23).

## Daisy Emily Martin Clarke (Q1496: 22 statements)

Daisy Emily Martin Clarke (née Keatch) was born in 1891. She studied at
Newnham College c. 1910. She was awarded a master’s degree in 1925. She
was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1947.
She was a member of the Viking Society. She died in 1955.

## Caroline Anne Martineau (Q2784: 12 statements)

Caroline Anne Martineau was born in 1844. She studied at University
College London c. 1875. She died in 1902.

## Evelyn Martinengo-Cesaresco (Q979: 26 statements)

Evelyn Martinengo-Cesaresco (née Carrington) was born in 1852. She was a
member of the 1928 Jubilee Congress of the Folklore Society, the
International Congress for the History of Religions and The Folklore
Society. She published in *Folklore*. She died in 1931.

## Bertha Mason (Q426: 18 statements)

Bertha Mason was born in 1855. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She died in 1939.

## Mrs Mason (Q2176: 7 statements)

Mrs Mason’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1888. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Gertrude Constance Emily Massé (Q2638: 10 statements)

Gertrude Constance Emily Massé was born in 1878. She was a member of the
British Museum Reading Room.

## Miss Master (Q2261: 8 statements)

Miss Master’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1903. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Anne Mauleverer (Q2100: 8 statements)

Anne Mauleverer’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1874. She was a member of the British Archaeological Association
and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1894.

## Emma Bennett Mawr (Q981: 17 statements)

Emma Bennett Mawr (née Milson) was born in 1822. She was a member of The
Folklore Society. She published in *Folk-Lore Record*, *Folklore*, *The
Gentlewoman* and *The Woman’s World*.

## Rachel Maxwell Hyslop (Q710: 26 statements)

Rachel Maxwell Hyslop (née Clay) was born in 1914. She studied at the
Institute of Archaeology c. 1936. She was awarded a Academic diploma in
Archaeology by the University of London in 1936. She was elected a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1942. She was also a
Fellow of the British Academy. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She published in *Antiquaries Journal* and
*Antiquity*. She died in 2011.

## Eliza Jane McGeagh (Q2567: 18 statements)

Eliza Jane McGeagh (née Ryder) was born in 1863. She was a member of the
Dorset Natural History Society and Antiquarian Field Club. She died in
1939.

## May McKisack (Q1714: 20 statements)

May McKisack was born in 1900. She studied at Somerville College
c. 1919. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University of Oxford
in 1922, a bachelor’s degree in 1924 and a master’s degree in 1926. She
was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1952.
She was also a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She is known to
have collaborated with Maude Violet Clarke (Q374). She died in 1981.

## Mrs M. McLean (Q3363: 6 statements)

Mrs M. McLean’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1935. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Florence McPherson (Q967: 13 statements)

Florence McPherson was born in 1849. She was a member of the Society for
the Promotion of Hellenic Studies. She published in *Journal of Hellenic
Studies*.

## Cecily Eleanor Meade-Waldo (Q982: 18 statements)

Cecily Eleanor Meade-Waldo’s (née Chandos-Poll-Gell) earliest appearance
in Beyond Notability’s records is dated 1879. She was a member of the
Derbyshire Archaeology and Natural History Society. She published in
*Derbyshire Naturalists’ Quarterly*, *Journal of the Derbyshire
Archaeology and Natural History Society* and *Nature Notes*. She died in
1936.

## Annette Mary Budgett Meakin (Q983: 26 statements)

Annette Mary Budgett Meakin was born in 1867. She studied at University
College London c. 1895. She was a Fellow of the Royal Anthropological
Institute and the Royal Geographical Society. She was a member of the
British Museum Reading Room and the Hampstead Antiquarian and Historical
Society. She published in *Transactions of the Hampstead Antiquarian and
Historical Society* and *Women of All Nations*. She died in 1959.

## Alice Anne Mee (Q984: 26 statements)

Alice Anne Mee (née Marten) was born in 1844. She was a member of the
Sussex Archaeological Society. She published in *Berks, Bucks, and Oxon
Archaeological Journal*. She died in 1903.

## Margaret Bridgit Mee (Q4056: 11 statements)

Margaret Bridgit Mee was born in 1872. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs C. H. Mee (Q4171: 5 statements)

Mrs C. H. Mee’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1924. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Eleanor Mary Megaw (Q2845: 21 statements)

Eleanor Mary Megaw (née Hardy) was born in 1911. She studied at Newnham
College c. 1931. She was awarded a master’s degree in 1938. She was a
member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in
*Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London* and
*Proceedings of the Prehistoric Society of East Anglia*. She died in
1977.

## Winifred Meischke-Smith (Q3515: 7 statements)

Winifred Meischke-Smith’s (née Hayes Newington) earliest appearance in
Beyond Notability’s records is dated 1918.

## Valerie Susan Meux (Q1158: 15 statements)

Valerie Susan Meux (née Langdon) was born in 1852. She died in 1910.

## Mrs. A. J. Michell-Clarke (Q3047: 6 statements)

Mrs. A. J. Michell-Clarke’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1932. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Ada Micklethwaite (Q2287: 11 statements)

Ada Micklethwaite’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1907. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.
She died in 1932.

## Bella Middleton (Q1152: 15 statements)

Bella Middleton (née Stillman) was born in 1869. She published in *The
Chautauquan*.

## Laura Margaret Midgley (Q1322: 15 statements)

Laura Margaret Midgley was born in 1889. She was awarded a master’s
degree. She was a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She died in
1991.

## Mabel Helmer Mills (Q352: 24 statements)

Mabel Helmer Mills was born in 1882. She studied at the London School of
Economics c. 1910, Bedford College c. 1912, the Institute of Historical
Research c. 1922 and King’s College London. She was awarded a bachelor’s
degree by the University of London in 1910 and a master’s degree by the
University of London in 1912. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of London in 1935. She published in *Archaeologia*. She died
in 1967.

## Miss Milman (Q1148: 5 statements)

Miss Milman’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1894.

## Alice Emily Milne (Q986: 15 statements)

Alice Emily Milne (née Burne) was born in 1859. She published in
*Folklore*.

## Henrietta A. Milne (Q2211: 7 statements)

Henrietta A. Milne’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1899. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Alice Minet (Q1132: 16 statements)

Alice Minet (née Evans) was born in 1856. She was a member of the
Huguenot Society of London. She died in 1887.

## Susan Minet (Q2371: 20 statements)

Susan Minet was born in 1884. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She died in 1972.

## Elizabeth Harcourt Mitchell (Q988: 18 statements)

Elizabeth Harcourt Mitchell (née Rolls) was born in 1833. She was a
member of the Society of Women Artists. She published in *Monmouthshire
and Caerleon Antiquarian Association Proceedings* and *Monmouthshire and
Caerleon Archaeological Association*. She died in 1910.

## Frances J. Mitchell (Q989: 7 statements)

Frances J. Mitchell’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1907. She published in *Surrey Archaeological Collections*.

## Miss I. L. Mitchell (Q3483: 5 statements)

Miss I. L. Mitchell’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1936. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Marjorie Monier-Williams (Q3585: 7 statements)

Marjorie Monier-Williams’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1939. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Elizabeth Montagu (Q2895: 10 statements)

Elizabeth Montagu (née Robinson) was born in 1718. She died in 1800.

## Henriqueta Monteiro (Q990: 21 statements)

Henriqueta Monteiro was born in 1823. She was a member of The Folklore
Society. She published in *Folk-Lore Record*, *Folklore* and *The Art
Journal*. She died in 1898.

## Anne Tower Moore (Q856: 18 statements)

Anne Tower Moore (née Moir) was born in 1844. She was a member of the
County Kildare Archaeological Society. She published in *Journal of the
Co. Kildare Archaeological Society*. She died in 1924.

## Elsie Matley Moore (Q1442: 19 statements)

Elsie Matley Moore was born in 1900. She studied at Birmingham School of
Art c. 1914. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of
London in 1947. She died in 1985.

## Gwenllian Elizabeth Fanny Morgan (Q392: 38 statements)

Gwenllian Elizabeth Fanny Morgan was born in 1852. She was awarded a
master’s degree by the University of Wales in 1925. She was elected a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1935. She was a member
of the Cambrian Archaeological Association. She published in
*Archaeologia Cambriensis* and *Old Welsh Chips*. She died in 1939.

## Miss Morier (Q4047: 6 statements)

Miss Morier’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1913. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Margaret Cotter Morison (Q991: 15 statements)

Margaret Cotter Morison was born in 1865. She was a Fellow of the Royal
Historical Society. She published in *Pall Mall Magazine* and
*Transactions of the Royal Historical Society*.

## Elizabeth Florence Morris (Q992: 12 statements)

Elizabeth Florence Morris’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1902. She was a member of the East Herts Archaeological
Society. She published in *Transactions of the East Hertfordshire
Archaeological Society*.

## Jane Morris (Q1154: 22 statements)

Jane Morris (née Burden) was born in 1839. She was a member of the
Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings. She died in 1914.

## Miss A. G. Morris (Q4114: 10 statements)

Miss A. G. Morris’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1913. She was a member of the Cambrian Archaeological
Association, the Cymmrodorion Society, the Royal Archaeological
Institute and the Welsh Bibliographical Society.

## Mrs Morrish (Q3582: 6 statements)

Mrs Morrish’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1939. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mabel Morrison (Q1149: 42 statements)

Mabel Morrison (née Chernside) was born in 1847. She was a member of the
Royal Institution. She is known to have collaborated with Sophia
Crawford Lomas (Q960). She died in 1933.

## Juliet Morse (Q4200: 25 statements)

Juliet Morse (née Tylor) was born in 1853. She was a member of the
Folk-Song Society, the Royal Archaeological Institute, the Society for
the Protection of Ancient Buildings, the St George’s Company and the
Suffolk Institute of Archaeology.

## Anna Anderson Morton (Q813: 21 statements)

Anna Anderson Morton was born in 1867. She studied at University College
London c. 1886 and 1890. She was a member of the British Museum Reading
Room. She published in *East and West* and *Proceedings of the Society
of Biblical Archaeology*. She is known to have collaborated with Mary
Brodrick (Q812). She died in 1961.

## Rosalind Louisa Beaufort Moss (Q1574: 19 statements)

Rosalind Louisa Beaufort Moss was born in 1890. She studied at Oxford
Home Students and the Institute of Social and Cultural Anthropology. She
was awarded a diploma by the Institute of Social and Cultural
Anthropology in 1917 and a bachelor’s degree. She was elected a Fellow
of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1949. She was also a Fellow
of the Royal Anthropological Institute. She was a member of the Oxford
University Anthropological Society. She died in 1990.

## Jessie Mothersole (Q549: 46 statements)

Jessie Mothersole was born in 1873. She studied at the Slade School of
Fine Art c. 1891. She was a member of the British Museum Reading Room,
the Church League for Women’s Suffrage, the College Hall Old Students
Association and the Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies. She
published in *Empire Review*, *Sunday at Home*, *The Labour Leader* and
*Wonders of the Past*. She is known to have collaborated with Margaret
Alice Murray (Q569), Winifred Hansard (Q572), Florence Kingsford (Q573)
and Hilda Petrie (Q1909). She died in 1958.

## Miss Moulton-Barrett (Q757: 9 statements)

Miss Moulton-Barrett’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1893. She was probably Arabel Moulton-Barrett.

## Jane Mulley (Q994: 9 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Jane Mulley. She
published in *Folk-Lore Record* and *Folklore*.

## Frances Murray (Q995: 22 statements)

Frances Murray (née Stoddard) was born in 1843. She was a member of the
Women’s Freedom League. She published in *Transactions of the Glasgow
Archaeological Society*. She died in 1919.

## Katherine Maud Elisabeth Murray (Q109: 28 statements)

Katherine Maud Elisabeth Murray was born in 1909. She studied at
Somerville College c. 1928. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the
University of Oxford in 1931 and a master’s degree by the University of
Cambridge. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of
London in 1946. She was also a Fellow of Girton College and the Royal
Historical Society. She published in *Archaeologia Cantiana*, *Sussex
Archaeological Collections* and *Sussex Notes and Queries*. She is known
to have collaborated with Maude Violet Clarke (Q374). She died in 1998.

## Margaret Alice Murray (Q569: 189 statements)

Margaret Alice Murray was born in 1863. She studied at University
College London c. 1893, the London School of Economics c. 1910 and the
Crystal Palace School. She was a Fellow of the Royal Anthropological
Institute and the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland. She was a member
of the British Association for the Advancement of Science, the British
Museum Reading Room, the Cambridge Antiquarian Society, the
International Congress for the History of Religions and The Folklore
Society. She published in *Egypt and the Sudan*, *Folklore*, *Journal of
the Royal Anthropological Institute*, *Liverpool Annals of Archaeology
and Anthropology*, *Proceedings of the Cambridge Antiquarian Society*,
*Proceedings of the Royal Irish Academy*, *Proceedings of the Society of
Antiquaries of Scotland*, *Proceedings of the Society of Biblical
Archaeology*, *University College Magazine* and *Wonders of the Past*.
She is known to have collaborated with Jessie Mothersole (Q549),
Florence Kingsford (Q573) and Hilda Petrie (Q1909). She died in 1963.

## Ruby M. Murray (Q3894: 6 statements)

Ruby M. Murray’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1931. She was a member of the Royal Society of Antiquaries of
Ireland.

## Margaret Eleanore Murray Threipland (Q1118: 33 statements)

Margaret Eleanore Murray Threipland (née Scott) was born in 1913. She
studied at University College London c. 1935. She was awarded a Academic
diploma in Archaeology by the University of London in 1935. She was
elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1947. She
was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in
*Archaeologia Cambriensis*, *Archaeologia Cantiana*, *Proceedings of the
Society of Antiquaries of London* and *The Archaeological Journal*. She
died in 1970.

## Harriet Georgiana Maria Murray-Aynsley (Q997: 28 statements)

Harriet Georgiana Maria Murray-Aynsley (née Manners-Sutton) was born in
1827. She was a member of the 1891 International Folk-Lore Congress, the
Society for Psychical Research and The Folklore Society. She published
in *Folklore*. She died in 1898.

## Mrs E. R. Myer (Q3538: 6 statements)

Mrs E. R. Myer’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1938. She was probably Elsie R. Myer. She was a member of the
Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Joan Mary Lovell Myres (Q110: 13 statements)

Joan Mary Lovell Myres (née Stevens) was born in 1902. She studied at
Girton College. She was a member of the Oxford Architectural and
Historical Society.

## Miss P. Morton Nance (Q3480: 8 statements)

Miss P. Morton Nance’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1936. She was possibly Phoebe Morton Nance. She was
awarded a bachelor’s degree. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Agnes Jane Newbigin (Q3076: 9 statements)

Agnes Jane Newbigin’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1933. She studied at University College London c. 1933. She was
awarded a Academic diploma in Archaeology by the University of London in
1933 and a master’s degree. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Theodora Mary Ida Newbould (Q2596: 12 statements)

Theodora Mary Ida Newbould was born in 1903. She was a member of the
Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Florence Newton (Q4315: 10 statements)

Florence Newton’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1931. She was a member of the Huguenot Society of London and the
Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Newton (Q4172: 6 statements)

Mrs Newton’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1924. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Caroline Anne Niblett (Q1928: 9 statements)

Caroline Anne Niblett’s (née Saunders) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1849.

## Edith Eleanor Nicholl (Q4118: 7 statements)

Edith Eleanor Nicholl was born in 1859. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Emily Mary Nichols (Q1379: 16 statements)

Emily Mary Nichols (née Kinsey, a.k.a. Walker) was born in 1845. She
died in 1907.

## Lucy Nichols (Q1599: 23 statements)

Lucy Nichols (née Lewis) was born in 1820. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She died in 1907.

## Mary Nicol (Q3820: 11 statements)

Mary Nicol (a.k.a. Leakey) was born in 1916. She died in 1996.

## Mrs Nisbett (Q4174: 5 statements)

Mrs Nisbett’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1924. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Olive Nixon (Q441: 9 statements)

Olive Nixon’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1898. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She
died in 1936.

## Mary Eleanor Noble (Q999: 24 statements)

Mary Eleanor Noble was born in 1845. She was a member of the British
Museum Reading Room, the Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and
Archaeological Society and the Parish Register Society. She published in
*Transactions of the Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and
Archaeological Society*. She died in 1925.

## Kate Norgate (Q1000: 19 statements)

Kate Norgate was born in 1853. She was a member of the Pipe Roll
Society. She published in *Associated Architectural Societies, Reports
and Papers* and *Transactions of the Royal Historical Society*. She died
in 1935.

## Dorothy Marion Norie (Q3168: 7 statements)

Dorothy Marion Norie was born in 1903. She studied at University College
London c. 1926.

## Rosalind Lucy Northcote (Q1002: 21 statements)

Rosalind Lucy Northcote was born in 1873. She was a member of the
British Museum Reading Room and the Royal Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals. She published in *Folklore*. She died in 1950.

## Alison Nugent Young (Q1715: 32 statements)

Alison Nugent Young’s (née Richmond) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1908. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1952. She was also a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of Scotland. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She published in *Archaeological Newsletter*,
*Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of London* and *Proceedings
of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland*. She is known to have
collaborated with Katherine Margaret Richardson (Q712) and Margaret E.
C. Stewart (Q3989).

## Frances Arabella O’Grady (Q1003: 16 statements)

Frances Arabella O’Grady (née Beresford) was born in 1838. She was a
member of the Worcester Archaeological Society. She published in
*Associated Architectural Societies, Reports and Papers*. She died in
1924.

## Helen O’Neil (Q1114: 43 statements)

Helen O’Neil (née Donovan) was born in 1893. She was elected a Fellow of
the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1947. She was a member of the
Bristol and Gloucestershire Archaeological Society, the Cotteswold
Naturalist’s Field Club, the Oxford Architectural and Historical Society
and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in *Journal of
Roman Studies*, *Oxoniensia*, *Proceedings of the Cotteswold Naturalists
Field Club*, *Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of London*, *The
Archaeological Journal*, *Transactions of the Bristol and
Gloucestershire Archaeological Society* and *Transactions of the
Worcestershire Archaeological Society*. She is known to have
collaborated with Jocelyn Mary Catherine Toynbee (Q864). She died in
1984.

## Miss Okeover (Q1141: 5 statements)

Miss Okeover’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1889.

## Katharine Augusta Oliver (Q3993: 19 statements)

Katharine Augusta Oliver (née McLaren) was born in 1870. She studied at
Girton College c. 1890. She was a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries
of Scotland. She was a member of the Berwickshire Naturalists Club and
the Scottish History Society. She published in *Proceedings of the
Society of Antiquaries of Scotland*. She died in 1960.

## Beatrice Orme (Q4560: 9 statements)

Beatrice Orme’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1878. She studied at University College London c. 1878 and 1898.
She was a member of the British Museum Reading Room.

## Cora J Ough (Q3507: 8 statements)

Cora J Ough’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1937. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She
published in *Nottingham Medieval Studies*.

## Emily Anna Ouvry (Q1366: 12 statements)

Emily Anna Ouvry (née Proctor) was born in 1823. She died in 1895.

## Mary Owen (Q1005: 21 statements)

Mary Owen (a.k.a. Griffith) was born in 1864. She studied at the Royal
Academy of Music. She published in *Transactions of the Cymmrodorian
Society* and *Y Cymmrodor*. She died in 1941.

## Clara, Lady Paget (Q1007: 30 statements)

Clara, Lady Paget (née Fardell) was born in 1825. She was a member of
the British Archaeological Association, the British Museum Reading Room,
the Cymmrodorion Society, The Folklore Society and the Viking Society.
She published in *Journal of the British Archaeological Association* and
*Transactions of the Cymmrodorian Society*. She died in 1899.

## Rosalind Paget (Q4106: 10 statements)

Rosalind Paget’s (née Laurie) earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1878. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She died in 1932.

## Emma M. Panton (Q2224: 9 statements)

Emma M. Panton was born in 1864. She may be the same person as Mrs
Panton (Q2299). She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Panton (Q2299: 8 statements)

Mrs Panton’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1909. She may be the same person as Emma M. Panton (Q2224). She was a
member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Barbara Parker (Q809: 17 statements)

Barbara Parker (a.k.a. Parker-Mallowan) was born in 1908. She studied at
the Institute of Archaeology c. 1936. She was awarded a Academic diploma
in Archaeology by the University of London in 1936. She was elected a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1943. She died in
1993.

## Delia Parker (Q2550: 14 statements)

Delia Parker’s (a.k.a. Barrington) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1932. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She is known to have collaborated with Ione
Gedye (Q2555).

## Helen Cecilia Parker (Q4077: 13 statements)

Helen Cecilia Parker (née Farrer) was born in 1853. She was a member of
the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Joan D. Parkes (Q1283: 18 statements)

Joan D. Parkes’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1915. She was a member of the Surrey Archaeological Society. She
published in *Contemporary Review* and *The Academy*.

## Elizabeth Mary Parkin (Q2354: 11 statements)

Elizabeth Mary Parkin’s (née Whitefield) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1875. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Diana C. Parkinson (Q1008: 14 statements)

Diana C. Parkinson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1896. She was a member of the Royal Anthropological Institute
and the Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland. She published in
*Journal of the Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland*.

## Mrs Parry Crook (Q18: 5 statements)

Mrs Parry Crook’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1895. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Henrietta Catherine Partington (Q230: 10 statements)

Henrietta Catherine Partington was born in 1852. She was a member of the
Leicester Archaeological Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute.
She died in 1938.

## Margaret Paskin (Q2291: 10 statements)

Margaret Paskin (née Wilson) was born in 1866. She was a member of the
Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Florence Margaret Patchett (Q1115: 28 statements)

Florence Margaret Patchett was born in 1879. She was elected a Fellow of
the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1949. She was a member of the
Prehistoric Society of East Anglia and the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She published in *Antiquaries Journal*, *Archaeological
Newsletter*, *Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of London*,
*Proceedings of the West Cornwall Field Club* and *The Archaeological
Journal*. She is known to have collaborated with Dorothy Dudley (Q794).
She died in 1955.

## Clara Maud Patterson (Q1009: 14 statements)

Clara Maud Patterson was born in 1873. She was a member of the Belfast
Naturalists’ Field Club. She published in *Annual Report and Proceedings
of the Belfast Naturalists’ Field Club*.

## Miss Peach (Q1124: 5 statements)

Miss Peach’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1910.

## Florence Peacock (Q1153: 20 statements)

Florence Peacock was born in 1855. She published in *Merrie England*,
*Notes and Queries*, *The Antiquary*, *The Dublin Review* and *The
Reliquary and Illustrated Archaeologist*. She died in 1900.

## Mabel Geraldine Woodruffe Peacock (Q1010: 46 statements)

Mabel Geraldine Woodruffe Peacock was born in 1856. She published in
*Folklore*, *Notes and Queries* and *The Antiquary*. She is known to
have collaborated with Charlotte Sophia Burne (Q662) and Eliza Gutch
(Q906). She died in 1920.

## Charlotte Mary Augusta Peake (Q1015: 24 statements)

Charlotte Mary Augusta Peake (née Bayliff) was born in 1862. She was a
member of the Cult of Kata. She published in *Berks, Bucks, and Oxon
Archaeological Journal*, *Hearth and Home*, *Myra’s Journal* and *The
Queen*. She died in 1934.

## Doris Peake (Q3540: 6 statements)

Doris Peake’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1938. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Annie Pearson (Q88: 10 statements)

Annie Pearson (née Cass) was born in 1860. She died in 1932.

## Miss Peck (Q2152: 5 statements)

Miss Peck’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1884.

## Susannah Peckover (Q2139: 8 statements)

Susannah Peckover’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1882. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute
and the Society of Biblical Archaeology.

## Dora Patience Peers (Q2244: 16 statements)

Dora Patience Peers (née Carr) was born in 1843. She studied at
University College London c. 1898. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She died in 1914.

## Ada Janet Peggs (Q1016: 16 statements)

Ada Janet Peggs (née Tabor) was born in 1867. She published in
*Folklore*. She died in 1920.

## Annie Pemberton (Q4119: 14 statements)

Annie Pemberton (née Catto) was born in 1862. She was a member of the
Royal Archaeological Institute and the Somerset Archaeological and
Natural History Society. She died in 1930.

## Miss E. Pepper (Q4213: 8 statements)

Miss E. Pepper’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1927. She was a member of the Cambridge Antiquarian Society, the
Classical Association and the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mary Ellen Vere Perceval (Q1140: 15 statements)

Mary Ellen Vere Perceval (née O’Brien) was born in 1839. She died in
1924.

## Mary Phillips Perry (Q1099: 20 statements)

Mary Phillips Perry was born in 1868. She may be the same person as Miss
Perry (Q2621). She was a member of the Bristol Naturalists’ Society, the
Bristol and Gloucestershire Archaeological Society, the Royal
Archaeological Institute and the Somerset Archaeological and Natural
History Society. She published in *Burlington Magazine*, *Proceedings of
the Somerset Archaeological and Natural History Society* and *The
Archaeological Journal*. She died in 1943.

## Miss Perry (Q2621: 6 statements)

Miss Perry’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1928. She may be the same person as Mary Phillips Perry (Q1099).

## Sophia Perry-Herrick (Q1690: 21 statements)

Sophia Perry-Herrick (née Christie) was born in 1832. She was a member
of the Hakluyt Society, the Leicester Archaeological Society and the
Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1915.

## Hilda Petrie (Q1909: 47 statements)

Hilda Petrie (née Urlin) was born in 1871. She studied at King’s College
Ladies Department c. 1895 and the London School of Economics c. 1914.
She was a member of the British Museum Reading Room, the Cyclists
Touring Club, the International Archaeological Congress and the
International Congress for the History of Religions. She is known to
have collaborated with Jessie Mothersole (Q549), Margaret Alice Murray
(Q569) and Florence Kingsford (Q573). She died in 1956.

## Helen Mary Petter (Q1120: 11 statements)

Helen Mary Petter’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1939. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Phillips (Q4211: 6 statements)

Mrs Phillips’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1927. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Nancy Piercy Fox (Q1685: 24 statements)

Nancy Piercy Fox (née Evans) was born in 1909. She studied at the
University of Liverpool. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the
University of Liverpool. She was a member of the Bristol and
Gloucestershire Archaeological Society, the Kent Archaeological Society,
the Keston Field Club and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She
published in *Archaeologia Cantiana*. She died in 1966.

## Peggy Piggott (Q804: 44 statements)

Peggy Piggott (née Preston, a.k.a. Guido) was born in 1912. She studied
at University College London c. 1936. She was awarded a Academic diploma
in Archaeology by the University of London in 1936. She was elected a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1944. She was a member
of the Dorset Natural History Society and Antiquarian Field Club and the
Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in *Antiquity*,
*Archaeologia*, *History of the Berwick Naturalists’ Club*, *Proceedings
of the Dorset Natural History and Archaeological Society*, *Proceedings
of the Hampshire Field Club and Archaeological Society*, *Proceedings of
the Prehistoric Society of East Anglia*, *Proceedings of the Society of
Antiquaries of London*, *Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of
Scotland* and *Wiltshire Archaeological and Natural History Magazine*.
She died in 1994.

## Dorothy Pilcher (Q4303: 6 statements)

Dorothy Pilcher’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1929. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Anne Sophia Place (Q1017: 16 statements)

Anne Sophia Place (née Compson) was born in 1842. She published in
*Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland*.

## Vivien Pleydell-Railston (Q3872: 13 statements)

Vivien Pleydell-Railston (née Mansel-Pleydell) was born in 1889. She was
a member of the Dorset Natural History Society and Antiquarian Field
Club. She published in *Proceedings of the Dorset Natural History and
Archaeological Society*.

## Emmeline Mary Plunket (Q1020: 21 statements)

Emmeline Mary Plunket was born in 1835. She was a member of the Royal
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and the Society of
Biblical Archaeology. She published in *Proceedings of the Society of
Biblical Archaeology* and *The Nineteenth Century*. She died in 1924.

## Margaret Ellen Poole (Q1021: 15 statements)

Margaret Ellen Poole was born in 1849. She was a member of the British
Museum Reading Room. She published in *Notes and Queries* and
*Transactions of the Historic Society of Lancashire and Cheshire*. She
died in 1935.

## Rachael Poole (Q76: 29 statements)

Rachael Poole (née Malleson) was born in 1860. She studied at University
College London c. 1878. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of London in 1925. She was a member of the University
Delegacy for Women Students. She published in *Walpole Society Annual
Volume*. She died in 1937.

## Miss Portal (Q3589: 4 statements)

Miss Portal’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1914.

## Miss L. Porter (Q4053: 7 statements)

Miss L. Porter’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1913. She may be the same person as Miss Porter (Q2541). She was a
member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss Porter (Q2541: 6 statements)

Miss Porter’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1899. She may be the same person as Miss L. Porter (Q4053).

## Miss D. L. Powell (Q3439: 10 statements)

Miss D. L. Powell’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1932. She was probably Dorothy L. Powell. She was awarded a
bachelor’s degree. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute and the Royal Historical Society.

## Eileen Power (Q4112: 18 statements)

Eileen Power was born in 1889. She studied at Girton College c. 1907 and
the London School of Economics c. 1911. She was awarded a master’s
degree by the University of London in 1916. She was a member of the
Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1940.

## Mrs Edward Power (Q1389: 5 statements)

Mrs Edward Power’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1904. She was possibly Caroline Sarah Power.

## Mary A. Powley (Q1023: 23 statements)

Mary A. Powley was born in 1811. She was a member of the Cumberland and
Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society and the English
Dialect Society. She published in *Notes and Queries* and *Transactions
of the Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological
Society*. She died in 1882.

## Annie Elizabeth Price (Q1024: 9 statements)

Annie Elizabeth Price was born in 1833. She published in *Transactions
of the Devonshire Association*.

## Edith K. Prideaux (Q483: 26 statements)

Edith K. Prideaux was born in 1854. She studied at University College
London c. 1905. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.
She published in *Christian Art*, *The Archaeological Journal* and
*Transactions of the Exeter Diocesan Architectural and Archaeological
Society*. She is known to have collaborated with Kate Marie Clarke
(Q831). She died in 1923.

## Mary Valetta Prideaux (Q2570: 6 statements)

Mary Valetta Prideaux was born in 1857. She was a member of the Working
Ladies’ Guild.

## Miss Prior (Q1607: 6 statements)

Miss Prior’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1918.

## Agnes Pritchard (Q1395: 8 statements)

Agnes Pritchard’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1910. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Edith M. Pritchard (Q234: 8 statements)

Edith M. Pritchard’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1910. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Emily Mary Pritchard (Q418: 19 statements)

Emily Mary Pritchard was born in 1852. She was a member of the Cambrian
Archaeological Association. She published in *Archaeologia Cambriensis*.
She died in 1914.

## Miss Pye (Q2352: 7 statements)

Miss Pye’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1910. She was probably Emmeline Pye. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Kate Lawless Pyne (Q1025: 12 statements)

Kate Lawless Pyne was born in 1840. She published in *Folklore*. She
died in 1914.

## Emma Louisa Radford (Q880: 55 statements)

Emma Louisa Radford (née Radford) was born in 1857. She was elected a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1935. She was also a
Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She was a member of the
Devonshire Association. She published in *Transactions of the Devonshire
Association* and *Transactions of the Exeter Diocesan Architectural and
Archaeological Society*. She died in 1937.

## Ursula Mary Radford (Q1523: 20 statements)

Ursula Mary Radford was born in 1894. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1948. She was a member of the
Central Council for Care of Churches. She published in *Transactions of
the Devonshire Association*. She died in 1976.

## Katherine Ann Raleigh (Q2683: 38 statements)

Katherine Ann Raleigh was born in 1852. She studied at University
College London c. 1880 and 1891, Newnham College c. 1883 and Bedford
College. She was a member of the British Museum Reading Room, the
Classical Association, the International Archaeological Congress, the
Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies and The Folklore Society.
She published in *The Vote*. She died in 1937.

## Elizabeth Ralph (Q1644: 16 statements)

Elizabeth Ralph was born in 1911. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1950. She published in *Nature*. She
died in 2000.

## Agnes Ramsay (Q1006: 36 statements)

Agnes Ramsay (née Marshall) was born in 1852. She published in *Sunday
School Times*, *The Woman at Home*, *Travel* and *Women of All Nations*.
She died in 1927.

## Lucy Ramsay (Q1027: 26 statements)

Lucy Ramsay (née Martin) was born in 1850. She was a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of Scotland. She published in *Proceedings of the
Society of Antiquaries of Scotland*. She died in 1905.

## Margaret Ramsay (Q1028: 32 statements)

Margaret Ramsay was born in 1881. She studied at the University of
Aberdeen c. 1898 and Somerville College c. 1904. She was awarded a
master’s degree by the University of Aberdeen in 1904 and a master’s
degree by the University of Oxford in 1923. She was a member of the
British Federation of University Women and the Classical Association.
She published in *Journal of Hellenic Studies*. She died in 1959.

## Sophia Wyndham Rawlins (Q1611: 20 statements)

Sophia Wyndham Rawlins (née Bates Harbin) was born in 1909. She studied
at Bedford College. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the
University of London. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of London in 1949. She published in *Proceedings of the
Somerset Archaeological and Natural History Society*. She died in 2006.

## Maria Emma Elizabeth Conway Griffith Reade (Q461: 23 statements)

Maria Emma Elizabeth Conway Griffith Reade (née Conway-Griffith) was
born in 1840. She was a member of the British Women’s Temperance
Association, the Cambrian Archaeological Association and the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She died in 1917.

## Miss Reade (Q3422: 4 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Miss Reade.

## Matilda Redington (Q1276: 18 statements)

Matilda Redington was born in 1851. She was a member of the Galway
Archaeological and Historical Society, the Irish Texts Society and the
Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland. She published in *Journal of
the Galway Archaeological and Historical Society*. She died in 1923.

## Rachel Robertson Reid (Q1029: 47 statements)

Rachel Robertson Reid was born in 1876. She studied at Bedford College
c. 1895, the London School of Economics c. 1896 and University College
London c. 1905. She was awarded a Diploma in Pedagogy by the University
of London in 1898, a bachelor’s degree by the University of London in
1897, a master’s degree by the University of London in 1902 and a Doctor
of Letters by the University of London in 1912. She was a Fellow of the
Royal Historical Society and University College London. She was a member
of the British Federation of University Women and the British Museum
Reading Room. She published in *The University College Union Magazine*
and *Transactions of the Royal Historical Society*. She died in 1952.

## Charlotte Elizabeth Garraway Rice (Q4048: 17 statements)

Charlotte Elizabeth Garraway Rice (née White, a.k.a. Nares) was born in
1853. She was a member of the Lewisham Antiquarian Society and the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She died in 1938.

## Katherine Margaret Richardson (Q712: 40 statements)

Katherine Margaret Richardson was born in 1905. She studied at Lady
Margaret Hall c. 1924 and University College London c. 1937. She was
awarded a Academic diploma in Archaeology by the University of London in
1937 and a bachelor’s degree by the University of Oxford in 1941. She
was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1941.
She was a member of the Prehistoric Society of East Anglia and the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She published in *Archaeologia*, *Proceedings
of the Devon Archaeological Exploration Society*, *Proceedings of the
Prehistoric Society of East Anglia*, *Proceedings of the Society of
Antiquaries of London*, *Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of
Scotland*, *The Archaeological Journal*, *Transactions of the St Albans
and Hertfordshire Architectural and Archaeological Society* and
*Wiltshire Archaeological and Natural History Magazine*. She is known to
have collaborated with Molly Cotton (Q1109) and Alison Nugent Young
(Q1715).

## Mary Alice Richardson (Q196: 10 statements)

Mary Alice Richardson was born in 1845. She was a member of the
Architectural and Archaeological Society of Durham and Northumberland
and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1910.

## Miss Richings (Q2649: 4 statements)

Miss Richings’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1934.

## Gisela Marie Augusta Richter (Q1030: 36 statements)

Gisela Marie Augusta Richter was born in 1882. She studied at Girton
College c. 1901 and the British School at Athens c. 1904. She was
awarded a master’s degree by Trinity College Dublin in 1913, a master’s
degree in 1933 and a Doctor of Letters by Trinity College Dublin in
1913. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London
in 1947. She was also a Fellow of the British Academy. She was a member
of the International Archaeological Congress and the Society for the
Promotion of Hellenic Studies. She published in *Annual of the British
School at Athens*. She died in 1972.

## Marion Rivett-Carnac (Q1031: 27 statements)

Marion Rivett-Carnac (née Durand) was born in 1843. She was a member of
the British Museum Reading Room. She published in *Folklore* and
*Proceedings of the Suffolk Institute of Archaeology and Natural
History*. She died in 1935.

## Christina Maria Rivington (Q3565: 11 statements)

Christina Maria Rivington was born in 1866. She was a Fellow of the
Royal Geographical Society. She was a member of the British
Archaeological Association and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She
died in 1950.

## Anne Strachan Robertson (Q3377: 18 statements)

Anne Strachan Robertson was born in 1910. She studied at the University
of Glasgow c. 1932 and University College London c. 1933. She was
awarded a master’s degree by the University of Glasgow in 1932 and a
master’s degree by the University of London in 1934. She was a member of
the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1997.

## Gertrude Robinson (Q2645: 10 statements)

Gertrude Robinson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1919. She published in *Archaeologia*. She is known to have
collaborated with Harriet Urquhart (Q3594).

## May Robinson (Q1032: 11 statements)

May Robinson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1892. She published in *Folklore*.

## Miss Rooth (Q1146: 5 statements)

Miss Rooth’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1893. She was possibly Mabel A. Rooth.

## Anne Roper (Q1584: 20 statements)

Anne Roper was born in 1903. She studied at the University College of
South Wales (Cardiff). She was elected a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of London in 1949. She was a member of the Kent
Archaeological Society. She died in 1988.

## Ida Mary Roper (Q1033: 41 statements)

Ida Mary Roper was born in 1865. She was a Fellow of the Linnean
Society. She was a member of the Bournemouth Natural Science Society,
the Bristol and Gloucestershire Archaeological Society, the British
Museum Reading Room and the Museums Association. She published in
*Proceedings of the Bournemouth Natural Science Society*, *Proceedings
of the Clifton Antiquarian Club* and *Transactions of the Bristol and
Gloucestershire Archaeological Society*. She died in 1935.

## Frances Rose-Troup (Q874: 46 statements)

Frances Rose-Troup was born in 1859. She was a Fellow of the Royal
Historical Society. She was a member of the Devonshire Association and
the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in *Transactions of
the Devonshire Association*. She died in 1942.

## Helen Rosenau (Q3500: 13 statements)

Helen Rosenau was born in 1900. She was awarded a doctor of philosophy.
She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in
*Journal of the Royal Institute of British Architects* and *The
Archaeological Journal*. She died in 1984.

## Miss D. Ross (Q4214: 6 statements)

Miss D. Ross’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1927. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Julia Anne Elizabeth Roundell (Q1035: 20 statements)

Julia Anne Elizabeth Roundell (née Tollemache) was born in 1845. She
published in *Proceedings of the Suffolk Institute of Archaeology and
Natural History* and *The Nineteenth Century*. She died in 1931.

## Enid Maud Grace Routh (Q1036: 28 statements)

Enid Maud Grace Routh was born in 1881. She studied at Lady Margaret
Hall c. 1899 and the London School of Economics c. 1902. She was awarded
a diploma. She was a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She was a
member of the Association for the Education of Women. She published in
*Transactions of the Royal Historical Society*. She died in 1973.

## Katherine Routledge (Q3628: 61 statements)

Katherine Routledge (née Pease) was born in 1866. She studied at
Somerville College c. 1891 and the Institute of Social and Cultural
Anthropology c. 1911. She was awarded a master’s degree by Trinity
College Dublin in 1906. She was a Fellow of the Royal Colonial
Institute, the Royal Geographical Society and the Royal Historical
Society. She was a member of the British Museum Reading Room, the
International Archaeological Congress and The Folklore Society. She
published in *National Geographic*, *The Conservative and Unionist
Women’s Franchise Review*, *The Spectator*, *University Extension
Journal* and *Wonders of the Past*. She died in 1935.

## Agnes Rowley-Morris (Q1037: 14 statements)

Agnes Rowley-Morris was born in 1872. She was a member of the British
Museum Reading Room. She published in *Collections Historical and
Archaeological Relating to Montgomeryshire and its Borders* and *Henry
Gee*.

## Miss Royds (Q4123: 5 statements)

Miss Royds’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1922. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Ethel Henrietta Rudkin (Q2639: 24 statements)

Ethel Henrietta Rudkin (née Hutchinson) was born in 1893. She was a
member of the International Congress of Prehistoric and Protohistoric
Sciences and The Folklore Society. She published in *Folklore*,
*Lincolnshire Architectural and Archaeological Society Reports and
Papers* and *Lincolnshire Magazine*. She died in 1985.

## Veronica Inez Ruffer (Q795: 23 statements)

Veronica Inez Ruffer was born in 1899. She studied at St Hugh’s College
c. 1919. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University of
Oxford. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London
in 1944. She was a member of the British Archaeological Association, the
Oxford Architectural and Historical Society and the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She died in 1973.

## Constance Charlotte Elisa Russell (Q1038: 21 statements)

Constance Charlotte Elisa Russell (née Lennox) was born in 1832. She was
a member of the British Museum Reading Room. She published in *Berks,
Bucks, and Oxon Archaeological Journal* and *Notes and Queries*. She
died in 1925.

## Helen Jane Mountstuart Russell (Q1039: 20 statements)

Helen Jane Mountstuart Russell was born in 1837. She was a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of Scotland. She was a member of the Berwickshire
Naturalists Club and the British Archaeological Association. She
published in *History of the Berwick Naturalists’ Club* and *Journal of
the British Archaeological Association*. She died in 1915.

## Mrs F. Russell-Smith (Q3454: 8 statements)

Mrs F. Russell-Smith’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1931. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She published in *Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries
of London*.

## Charlotte Sainton-Dolby (Q4542: 5 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Charlotte
Sainton-Dolby (née Dolby).

## Miss Salomon (Q2959: 6 statements)

Miss Salomon’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1932. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss Sanders (Q2358: 5 statements)

Miss Sanders’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1922.

## Lilian Josephine Sands (Q4051: 12 statements)

Lilian Josephine Sands (née Briggs) was born in 1866. She was a member
of the Royal Archaeological Institute and the Sussex Archaeological
Society.

## Mrs Sansom (Q4062: 6 statements)

Mrs Sansom’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1914. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Helen Jemima Saunders (Q1040: 25 statements)

Helen Jemima Saunders was born in 1830. She was a member of the British
Museum Reading Room and the Devonshire Association. She published in
*Transactions of the Devonshire Association*. She died in 1914.

## Kathleen Schlesinger (Q2004: 47 statements)

Kathleen Schlesinger was born in 1862. She was a member of the British
Museum Reading Room, the Society of Women Musicians and The Folklore
Society. She published in *Musical Antiquary*, *Musical Standard*,
*Musical Times*, *Pall Mall Magazine* and *Wide World Magazine*. She is
known to have collaborated with Elsie Hamilton (Q3614). She died in
1953.

## Sophia Schliemann (Q2110: 23 statements)

Sophia Schliemann (née Engastromenou) was born in 1852. She was a member
of the International Archaeological Congress, the International Congress
of Orientalists and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in
1932.

## Cornelia Gertrude Schmitz (Q3163: 9 statements)

Cornelia Gertrude Schmitz (a.k.a. Wace) was born in 1843. She died in
1924.

## Charlotte Schreiber (Q1376: 37 statements)

Charlotte Schreiber (née Bertie, a.k.a. Guest) was born in 1812. She was
a member of the British Museum Reading Room. She died in 1895.

## Gladys Scott-Thomson (Q883: 29 statements)

Gladys Scott-Thomson was born in 1888. She studied at the London School
of Economics c. 1903 and Somerville College c. 1905. She was awarded a
master’s degree by the University of Oxford in 1922. She was elected a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1935. She was also a
Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She was a member of the British
Archaeological Association, the Canterbury and York Society, the Oxford
University Anthropological Society and the Surtees Society. She
published in *Journal of the British Archaeological Association*. She
died in 1966.

## Frances Katharina Scourfield (Q2368: 11 statements)

Frances Katharina Scourfield (née Lea) was born in 1864. She was a
member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1914.

## Edith Maria Lydia Scull (Q2297: 19 statements)

Edith Maria Lydia Scull was born in 1868. She studied at Newnham College
c. 1887 and University College London c. 1893. She was a member of the
British Archaeological Association, the British Association for the
Advancement of Science, the British Museum Reading Room, the Hampstead
Antiquarian and Historical Society, the Royal Archaeological Institute
and the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings. She died in
1915.

## Margaret Sefton-Jones (Q507: 39 statements)

Margaret Sefton-Jones (née Hughes) was born in 1865. She studied at
University College London c. 1899. She was a Fellow of the Royal
Historical Society. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She published in *Friends Historical Society Journal*. She
died in 1948.

## Maud Sellers (Q577: 43 statements)

Maud Sellers was born in 1862. She studied at Newnham College c. 1888.
She was awarded a master’s degree in 1927 and a Doctor of Letters by
Trinity College Dublin in 1927. She was a Fellow of the Royal Historical
Society. She was a member of the British Federation of University Women,
the Company of Merchant Adventurers of York and the Surtees Society. She
is known to have collaborated with Mary Trice Martin (Q976). She died in
1939.

## Miss Selman (Q4465: 5 statements)

Miss Selman’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1931.

## Rose Mary Le Fleming Senhouse (Q1041: 15 statements)

Rose Mary Le Fleming Senhouse was born in 1829. She was a member of the
Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society. She
published in *Transactions of the Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian
and Archaeological Society*. She died in 1903.

## Elizabeth Senior (Q3325: 14 statements)

Elizabeth Senior was born in 1910. She studied at Newnham College
c. 1928 and the Courtauld Institute c. 1932. She was awarded a
bachelor’s degree in 1931. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She died in 1941.

## Veronica Seton-Williams (Q1176: 33 statements)

Veronica Seton-Williams was born in 1910. She studied at University
College London c. 1934 and the University of Melbourne. She was awarded
a Academic diploma in Archaeology by the University of London in 1935, a
diploma by the University of London and a bachelor’s degree by the
University of Melbourne. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of London in 1947. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She is known to have collaborated with Joan
Mabel Frederica du Plat Taylor (Q713). She died in 1992.

## Mrs M. R. Shackleton (Q4221: 5 statements)

Mrs M. R. Shackleton’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1929. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Annie Mary Sharp (Q1042: 11 statements)

Annie Mary Sharp was born in 1835. She published in *Journal of the
British Archaeological Association*. She died in 1915.

## Lady Sheffield (Q1392: 4 statements)

Lady Sheffield’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1879.

## Mrs Sherwood (Q3045: 6 statements)

Mrs Sherwood’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1932. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Violet Mary Shillington (Q1043: 41 statements)

Violet Mary Shillington (a.k.a. Pocock) was born in 1882. She studied at
Girton College c. 1901 and the London School of Economics c. 1904. She
was awarded a bachelor’s degree by Trinity College Dublin in 1905 and a
doctor of science by the University of London in 1907. She published in
*Transactions of the Royal Historical Society*. She is known to have
collaborated with Annie Beatrice Wallis Chapman (Q825). She died in
1924.

## Mrs Silver (Q2161: 7 statements)

Mrs Silver’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1886. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Edith Jemima Simcox (Q1044: 20 statements)

Edith Jemima Simcox was born in 1844. She was a member of the British
Museum Reading Room and the Royal Asiatic Society. She published in
*Proceedings of the Society of Biblical Archaeology*. She died in 1901.

## Mrs R. S. Simms (Q3359: 7 statements)

Mrs R. S. Simms’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1930. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She
died in 1935.

## Grace Simpson (Q3388: 14 statements)

Grace Simpson was born in 1920. She studied at the Institute of
Archaeology. She published in *Journal of Roman Studies*, *Proceedings
of the Society of Antiquaries of London*, *Scarborough Archaeological
and Historical Society Transactions* and *Transactions of the Cumberland
and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society*. She died in
2007.

## Miss B. E. Simpson (Q2283: 7 statements)

Miss B. E. Simpson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1907. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Caroline Skeel (Q3676: 26 statements)

Caroline Skeel was born in 1872. She studied at Girton College c. 1891
and the London School of Economics c. 1897. She was awarded a master’s
degree and a Doctor of Letters by the University of London in 1904. She
was a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She was a member of the
British Museum Reading Room and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She
published in *Transactions of the Shropshire Archaeological and
Historical Society*. She died in 1951.

## Emily Skinner (Q1045: 15 statements)

Emily Skinner was born in 1852. She was a member of the Devonshire
Association. She published in *Transactions of the Devonshire
Association*.

## Maude Slade-King (Q1046: 10 statements)

Maude Slade-King was born in 1856. She was a member of the Devonshire
Association. She published in *Transactions of the Devonshire
Association*. She died in 1924.

## Maria Jane Slee (Q1343: 9 statements)

Maria Jane Slee’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1887. She was a member of the Oxford Architectural and Historical
Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Martha Mary Smith (Q1580: 31 statements)

Martha Mary Smith (née Dalrymple) was born in 1835. She was a member of
the British Numismatic Society, the Royal Archaeological Institute, the
Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies, the Society for the
Protection of Ancient Buildings and the Society of Biblical Archaeology.
She died in 1919.

## Miss Smith (Q3122: 4 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Miss Smith.

## Mrs Albert Smith (Q2305: 5 statements)

Mrs Albert Smith’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1909. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Morris Smith (Q4195: 5 statements)

Mrs Morris Smith’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1925. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Mrs Smith (Q2188: 7 statements)

Mrs Smith’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1890. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Sarah Smith (Q2312: 5 statements)

Sarah Smith’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1921.

## Anne Sopwith (Q2132: 13 statements)

Anne Sopwith (née Potter) was born in 1819. She was a member of the
Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1916.

## Miss J. E. Southan (Q3560: 5 statements)

Miss J. E. Southan’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1938. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Emma Matilda Span (Q203: 20 statements)

Emma Matilda Span (née du Boulay) was born in 1845. She was a member of
the British Museum Reading Room and the Royal Archaeological Institute.
She died in 1938.

## Edith Laura Speakman (Q2364: 11 statements)

Edith Laura Speakman (née Stearns) was born in 1871. She was a member of
the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss Spiers (Q1125: 5 statements)

Miss Spiers’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1916.

## May Spinks (Q3498: 8 statements)

May Spinks’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1930. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute and the
Yorkshire Archaeological Society.

## Mrs St\[?\]ing (Q2662: 4 statements)

Mrs St\[?\]ing’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1937.

## Gwendoline Clare Stacpoole (Q1049: 18 statements)

Gwendoline Clare Stacpoole was born in 1884. She was a Fellow of the
Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland. She was a member of the Royal
Society of Antiquaries of Ireland. She published in *Journal of the
Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland*. She died in 1966.

## Edith Appleton Standen (Q3420: 14 statements)

Edith Appleton Standen was born in 1905. She studied at Somerville
College c. 1926. She published in *Art Journal*. She died in 1998.

## Grace Stebbing (Q2217: 13 statements)

Grace Stebbing was born in 1840. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She published in *The Girl’s Own Paper*. She
died in 1936.

## Susan Stebbing (Q3675: 19 statements)

Susan Stebbing was born in 1885. She studied at Girton College c. 1904
and King’s College London. She was awarded a master’s degree by the
University of London in 1912. She was a member of the Aristotelian
Society. She published in *Proceedings of the Aristotelian Society*. She
died in 1943.

## Mrs Steel (Q2832: 4 statements)

Mrs Steel’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1941.

## Mary L. Stevenson (Q1050: 21 statements)

Mary L. Stevenson was born in 1843. She published in *Berks, Bucks, and
Oxon Archaeological Journal*.

## Margaret E. C. Stewart (Q3989: 19 statements)

Margaret E. C. Stewart (née Mitchell) was born in 1907. She studied at
the University of Edinburgh. She was awarded a master’s degree by the
University of Edinburgh and a doctor of philosophy by the University of
Edinburgh. She was a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland.
She published in *Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of
Scotland*. She is known to have collaborated with Alison Nugent Young
(Q1715). She died in 1986.

## Edith Stiassny (Q3831: 11 statements)

Edith Stiassny was born in 1909. She studied at the German University in
Prague. She was awarded a doctor of philosophy by the German University
in Prague in 1933.

## Miss M. Stirling (Q3977: 4 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Miss M.
Stirling. She was a member of the Excavation at Fowlis Wester.

## Cynthia Stocker (Q3318: 7 statements)

Cynthia Stocker’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1930. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute and
the Sussex Archaeological Society.

## Ethel Stokes (Q1310: 28 statements)

Ethel Stokes was born in 1870. She was a member of the British Museum
Reading Room, the British Numismatic Society, the British Record
Society, the Norfolk and Norwich Archaeological Society and the Suffolk
Institute of Archaeology. She died in 1944.

## Margaret Stokes (Q606: 50 statements)

Margaret Stokes was born in 1832. She was a Fellow of the Royal Society
of Antiquaries of Ireland and the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland.
She was a member of the County Kildare Archaeological Society and the
Royal Irish Academy. She published in *Archaeologia*, *Journal of the
Co. Kildare Archaeological Society*, *Journal of the Historical and
Archaeological Association of Ireland*, *Journal of the Royal Society of
Antiquaries of Ireland* and *The Archaeological Journal*. She died in
1900.

## Miss Stokes (Q2109: 8 statements)

Miss Stokes’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1877. She was a member of the Bristol and Gloucestershire
Archaeological Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Charlotte Carmichael Stopes (Q1053: 73 statements)

Charlotte Carmichael Stopes (née Carmichael) was born in 1840. She was
awarded a Certificate by the University of Edinburgh in 1878. She was a
Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature. She was a member of the
British Association for the Advancement of Science, the Edinburgh
Association for the University Education of Women, the Ladies’ Edinburgh
Debating Society, the Rational Dress Society and the Women’s
Emancipation Union. She published in *Ladies’ Edinburgh Magazine*,
*Modern Language Review*, *Poet-Lore*, *Rational Dress Society Gazette*,
*Shafts*, *Shakespeare Club Stratford Upon Avon Summary of Papers*, *The
Academy*, *The Antiquary*, *The Athenaeum*, *The Woman’s World*, *The
Women’s Signal* and *Transactions of the Royal Society of Literature*.
She died in 1929.

## Edith Frances Stopford Sackville (Q1144: 14 statements)

Edith Frances Stopford Sackville (née Rashleigh) was born in 1849. She
died in 1905.

## Miss Story-Maskelyne (Q534: 8 statements)

Miss Story-Maskelyne was born in 1871. She was probably Inez
Story-Maskelyne.

## Mrs Strickland-Constable (Q3556: 6 statements)

Mrs Strickland-Constable’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1938. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Eugénie Sellers Strong (Q23: 102 statements)

Eugénie Sellers Strong (née Sellers) was born in 1860. She studied at
University College London c. 1878, 1887 and 1889, Girton College c. 1879
and the British School at Athens c. 1890. She was elected a Fellow of
the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1920. She was a member of the
Albemarle Club, the British Federation of University Women, the British
Museum Reading Room, the International Archaeological Congress, the
International Congress for the History of Religions, the Royal Asiatic
Society, the Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies and the
Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies. She published in *Journal of
Hellenic Studies*, *Journal of Roman Studies*, *Papers of the British
School at Rome* and *The Nineteenth Century*. She is known to have
collaborated with Norah Jolliffe (Q108), Maria Millington Lathbury Evans
(Q624), Jocelyn Mary Catherine Toynbee (Q864), Jane Ellen Harrison
(Q911) and Sarah Marks (Q2377). She died in 1943.

## Dorothy Nancy Stroud (Q1695: 14 statements)

Dorothy Nancy Stroud was born in 1910. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1951. She published in *Country
Life*. She died in 1997.

## Jean Stuart (Q3827: 3 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Jean Stuart.

## Julia Sturge (Q1129: 16 statements)

Julia Sturge (née Sherriff) was born in 1846. She was a member of the
British Museum Reading Room and the Somerset Archaeological and Natural
History Society.

## Emma Swann (Q1055: 37 statements)

Emma Swann was born in 1840. She was a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of Scotland. She was a member of the Ashmolean Natural
History Society of Oxfordshire, the British Archaeological Association
and the International Congress for the History of Religions. She
published in *Berks, Bucks, and Oxon Archaeological Journal*,
*Proceedings of the Hampshire Field Club and Archaeological Society*,
*The Antiquary* and *The Builder*. She died in 1930.

## Mary Hamilton Swindler (Q2608: 18 statements)

Mary Hamilton Swindler was born in 1884. She studied at Bryn Mawr
College c. 1906, Indiana University c. 1906 and the American School of
Classical Studies at Athens c. 1909. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree
by Indiana University in 1905 and a master’s degree by Indiana
University in 1906. She was a member of the Society for the Promotion of
Hellenic Studies. She died in 1967.

## Blanche Arthur Georgina Swinton (Q1056: 21 statements)

Blanche Arthur Georgina Swinton (née de Ros) was born in 1832. She was a
member of the County Kildare Archaeological Society. She published in
*Journal of the Co. Kildare Archaeological Society*. She died in 1910.

## Clara Elizabeth Sworder (Q1057: 15 statements)

Clara Elizabeth Sworder (née Hawes) was born in 1854. She was a member
of the East Herts Archaeological Society. She published in *Transactions
of the East Hertfordshire Archaeological Society*. She died in 1929.

## Ella Constance Sykes (Q1059: 34 statements)

Ella Constance Sykes was born in 1863. She studied at Lady Margaret Hall
c. 1881. She was a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society. She was a
member of the 1928 Jubilee Congress of the Folklore Society, the British
Association for the Advancement of Science, the Central Asian Society
and the Society of Arts. She published in *Cornhill Magazine*,
*Folklore* and *Travel and Exploration*. She died in 1939.

## Katherine Elizabeth Symons (Q3724: 16 statements)

Katherine Elizabeth Symons (née Housman) was born in 1862. She published
in *Music and Letters*. She died in 1945.

## Miss Talbot (Q1142: 5 statements)

Miss Talbot’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1889.

## Elaine Tankard (Q4316: 15 statements)

Elaine Tankard was born in 1901. She studied at the University of
Liverpool c. 1919 and the British School at Athens c. 1923. She was
awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University of Liverpool in 1923 and a
master’s degree by the University of Liverpool in 1925. She was a member
of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1969.

## Ellen Mary Tanner (Q2225: 13 statements)

Ellen Mary Tanner (née Garrod) was born in 1845. She was a member of the
Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1937.

## Harriet Helen Tatlock (Q2183: 19 statements)

Harriet Helen Tatlock was born in 1849. She was a Fellow of the Royal
Geographical Society and the Zoological Society. She was a member of the
International Congress of Women, the Royal Archaeological Institute and
the Suffolk Institute of Archaeology. She died in 1921.

## Constance Tayler (Q1060: 16 statements)

Constance Tayler (a.k.a. Coulson) was born in 1868. She was a member of
The Folklore Society. She published in *Folklore*. She died in 1948.

## Elizabeth Taylor (Q1061: 17 statements)

Elizabeth Taylor was born in 1856. She published in *Folklore*, *Forest
and Stream*, *Frank Leslie’s Popular Monthly*, *The Atlantic* and
*Transactions of the Woolhope Naturalists Field Club*. She died in 1932.

## Joan Mabel Frederica du Plat Taylor (Q713: 26 statements)

Joan Mabel Frederica du Plat Taylor was born in 1906. She was elected a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1945. She is known to
have collaborated with Veronica Seton-Williams (Q1176). She died in
1983.

## Margerie Venables Taylor (Q133: 86 statements)

Margerie Venables Taylor was born in 1881. She studied at Somerville
College c. 1900. She was awarded a master’s degree by the University of
Oxford in 1920. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries
of London in 1924. She was a member of the Association for the Education
of Women and the Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies. She
published in *Flintshire Historical Society Publications*, *Journal of
Roman Studies*, *Journal of the Chester Archaeological Society*,
*Oxoniensia* and *Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of London*.
She died in 1963.

## Susan May Taylor (Q3058: 12 statements)

Susan May Taylor was born in 1877. She was a member of the Bronte
Society, the Huguenot Society of London, the Kent Archaeological
Society, the Ladies Alpine Club, the Royal Archaeological Institute and
the Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies.

## Susette Martha Taylor (Q1062: 28 statements)

Susette Martha Taylor was born in 1860. She studied at Lady Margaret
Hall c. 1884, Somerville College c. 1889 and the University of Oxford
c. 1915. She was awarded a Baccalaureate by the University of Barcelona
in 1890. She was a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society. She was a
member of the Association for the Education of Women and the
International Congress of Women. She published in *Folklore*, *Journal
of the Derbyshire Archaeology and Natural History Society*,
*Transactions of the Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and
Archaeological Society* and *Wide World Magazine*. She died in 1920.

## Eleanor Blanche Tempest (Q1063: 26 statements)

Eleanor Blanche Tempest (née Reynard) was born in 1858. She was a member
of the Harleian Society, the Historic Society of Lancashire and
Cheshire, the Lincoln Record Society, the Parish Register Society and
the Surtees Society. She published in *Lincolnshire Notes and Queries*,
*Notes and Queries*, *Transactions of the Historic Society of Lancashire
and Cheshire* and *Yorkshire Archaeological Journal*. She died in 1928.

## Irene A’Beckett Terrell (Q2365: 12 statements)

Irene A’Beckett Terrell was born in 1883. She was a member of the London
Topographical Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss M. Tetley (Q3360: 6 statements)

Miss M. Tetley’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1922. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Miss E. Thomas (Q208: 7 statements)

Miss E. Thomas’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1897. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Elizabeth H. Thompson (Q2150: 10 statements)

Elizabeth H. Thompson (née Gadesden) was born in 1849. She was a member
of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Ethel Margaret Thompson (Q1064: 19 statements)

Ethel Margaret Thompson was born in 1867. She was a member of the
British Museum Reading Room. She published in *The Athenaeum*,
*Wiltshire Archaeological and Natural History Magazine* and *Wiltshire
Notes and Queries*. She died in 1936.

## Miss Thompson (Q2637: 4 statements)

Miss Thompson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1931.

## Isobel Dorothy Thornley (Q866: 37 statements)

Isobel Dorothy Thornley was born in 1893. She studied at University
College, Nottingham c. 1915, University College London c. 1917 and the
Institute of Historical Research c. 1921. She was awarded a bachelor’s
degree by the University of London in 1915 and a master’s degree by the
University of London in 1917. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of London in 1939. She was also a Fellow of the Royal
Historical Society. She was a member of the British Archaeological
Association and the Canterbury and York Society. She published in
*Transactions of the Devonshire Association*. She is known to have
collaborated with Eliza Jeffries Davis (Q153). She died in 1941.

## Grace Thornton (Q111: 17 statements)

Grace Thornton was born in 1913. She studied at Newnham College c. 1932,
the University of Copenhagen c. 1936 and the University of Iceland
c. 1936. She was awarded a master’s degree in 1939 and a doctor of
philosophy in 1938. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She died in 1987.

## Jennette Thwaites (Q2106: 11 statements)

Jennette Thwaites (née Threlfal) was born in 1840. She was a member of
the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1915.

## Edith Diane Mary Tilley (Q458: 9 statements)

Edith Diane Mary Tilley was born in 1847. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She died in 1925.

## Helen Mary Tirard (Q1065: 56 statements)

Helen Mary Tirard (née Beloe) was born in 1853. She studied at
University College London c. 1888. She was a member of the British
Museum Reading Room and the Society of Biblical Archaeology. She
published in *The Archaeological Journal* and *The Woman’s World*. She
died in 1943.

## Emily Tite (Q1067: 20 statements)

Emily Tite (née Curtis) was born in 1805. She was a member of the
Society of Biblical Archaeology. She published in *Proceedings of the
Society of Biblical Archaeology*. She died in 1888.

## Christine Sophie Marie Toms (Q3732: 21 statements)

Christine Sophie Marie Toms (née Huon) was born in 1877. She published
in *Sussex Archaeological Collections*. She died in 1927.

## Miss Topham (Q4078: 7 statements)

Miss Topham’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1914. She was probably Jane Grace Cowan Topham. She was a member
of the Leicester Archaeological Society and the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Lucy Toulmin Smith (Q1047: 34 statements)

Lucy Toulmin Smith was born in 1838. She was a member of the African
Society, the British Museum Reading Room, the Camden Society, the
International Congress for the History of Religions, the Modern Language
Association and The Folklore Society. She published in *Atalanta* and
*Transactions of the Birmingham and Midland Institute*. She died in
1911.

## Dorothea Townshend (Q1066: 25 statements)

Dorothea Townshend (née Baker) was born in 1852. She was a member of The
Folklore Society. She published in *Folklore*, *Journal of the Cork
Archaeological and Historical Society*, *Notes and Queries* and *Temple
Bar*. She died in 1930.

## Jocelyn Mary Catherine Toynbee (Q864: 39 statements)

Jocelyn Mary Catherine Toynbee was born in 1897. She studied at Newnham
College c. 1916, Lady Margaret Hall c. 1923, the British School at
Athens c. 1925 and the British School at Rome c. 1926. She was awarded a
master’s degree in 1920, a master’s degree by the University of Oxford
and a doctor of philosophy by the University of Oxford in 1930. She was
elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1942. She
was a member of the Society for the Promotion of Roman Studies. She
published in *Archaeologia Cantiana*, *Illustrated London News*,
*Journal of Roman Studies*, *Journal of the British Archaeological
Association*, *Numismatic Chronicle*, *Proceedings of the Society of
Antiquaries of London*, *Surrey Archaeological Collections*, *The
Archaeological Journal*, *Transactions of the Cumberland and Westmorland
Antiquarian and Archaeological Society*, *Transactions of the
Dumfriesshire and Galloway Natural History and Antiquarian Society* and
*Transactions of the Essex Archaeological Society*. She is known to have
collaborated with Helen O’Neil (Q1114). She died in 1985.

## Margaret Ruth Toynbee (Q1460: 20 statements)

Margaret Ruth Toynbee was born in 1900. She studied at St Hugh’s College
c. 1918. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of
London in 1947. She published in *Archaeologia Aeliana*, *Burlington
Magazine* and *Oxoniensia*. She died in 1988.

## Charlotte Elizabeth Treadwin (Q1068: 23 statements)

Charlotte Elizabeth Treadwin (née Dobbs) was born in 1820. She was a
member of the Devonshire Association. She published in *Transactions of
the Devonshire Association*. She died in 1890.

## Emily Mary Chenevix Trench (Q1069: 25 statements)

Emily Mary Chenevix Trench (née Lefroy) was born in 1848. She was a
Fellow of the Huguenot Society of London. She was a member of the
Hampshire Field Club & Archaeological Society, the Royal Institution,
the Society for Psychical Research, the Surrey Archaeological Society
and the Victoria Institute. She published in *Notes and Queries* and
*Transactions of the Essex Archaeological Society*. She died in 1919.

## Miss Trevelyan (Q3421: 4 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Miss Trevelyan.

## Miss Tribe (Q2195: 8 statements)

Miss Tribe’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1892. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Kate Eliza Trounson (Q225: 17 statements)

Kate Eliza Trounson was born in 1866. She studied at the London School
of Economics c. 1913. She was a member of the London and Middlesex
Archaeological Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died
in 1947.

## Olga Tufnell (Q1665: 24 statements)

Olga Tufnell was born in 1905. She was elected a Fellow of the Society
of Antiquaries of London in 1950. She died in 1985.

## M. Agatha Turner (Q1072: 10 statements)

M. Agatha Turner’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1904. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She
published in *Folklore*.

## Mrs Tysack (Q6: 7 statements)

Mrs Tysack’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1892.

## Alicia Tyssen-Amherst (Q1378: 23 statements)

Alicia Tyssen-Amherst (a.k.a. Cecil) was born in 1865. She studied at
University College London c. 1891. She was a member of the British
Museum Reading Room. She died in 1941.

## Margaret Susan Tyssen-Amherst (Q1253: 32 statements)

Margaret Susan Tyssen-Amherst (née Mitford) was born in 1835. She was a
Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She was a member of the
International Congress of Orientalists. She died in 1919.

## Amy Urlin (Q4568: 7 statements)

Amy Urlin was born in 1866.

## Harriet Urquhart (Q3594: 4 statements)

Beyond Notability has recorded little information about Harriet
Urquhart. She is known to have collaborated with Gertrude Robinson
(Q2645).

## Mary Ussher (Q1073: 8 statements)

Mary Ussher’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1879. She published in *Journal of the Derbyshire Archaeology and
Natural History Society*.

## Mary Ussher (Q2229: 14 statements)

Mary Ussher’s (née Warburton, a.k.a. Gore-Booth) earliest appearance in
Beyond Notability’s records is dated 1860. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Mary Baxter Andrewes Uthwatt (Q4298: 14 statements)

Mary Baxter Andrewes Uthwatt (née Meeres, a.k.a. Bonhote) was born in
1876. She was a member of the British Museum Reading Room and the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Lucy Ada Vallance (Q3323: 14 statements)

Lucy Ada Vallance’s (née Hennell) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1921. She was a member of the Kent
Archaeological Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died
in 1953.

## Miss Vansittart (Q2497: 5 statements)

Miss Vansittart’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1886.

## Margaret Maria Verney (Q1074: 35 statements)

Margaret Maria Verney (née Hay-Williams) was born in 1844. She was a
Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She was a member of the Oxford
Ladies’ Brass Rubbing Society. She published in *Berks, Bucks, and Oxon
Archaeological Journal*, *Leisure Hour*, *Longman’s Magazine* and
*Records of the Buckinghamshire Architectural and Archaeological
Society*. She died in 1930.

## Queen Victoria (Q1391: 14 statements)

Queen Victoria was born in 1819. She died in 1901.

## Constance Villiers-Stuart (Q4177: 7 statements)

Constance Villiers-Stuart was born in 1876. She died in 1966.

## Joan Wake (Q798: 32 statements)

Joan Wake was born in 1884. She studied at the London School of
Economics c. 1915 and the Institute of Historical Research c. 1923. She
was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1944.
She was also a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society. She was a member
of the British Records Association and the Northamptonshire Records
Association. She died in 1974.

## Marion Bessie Wales (Q3561: 12 statements)

Marion Bessie Wales (née Mathieson) was born in 1866. She studied at
Girton College c. 1888. She was awarded a master’s degree by Trinity
College Dublin. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.
She died in 1944.

## Edith Mary Walker (Q1579: 21 statements)

Edith Mary Walker was born in 1903. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1949. She died in 1970.

## Kathleen Bigland Walker (Q113: 11 statements)

Kathleen Bigland Walker was born in 1909. She studied at Somerville
College c. 1927. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the University
of Oxford in 1930. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute.

## Mary Adelaide Walker (Q1076: 13 statements)

Mary Adelaide Walker was born in 1820. She published in *Folklore*. She
died in 1905.

## Letitia Alice Walkington (Q1077: 25 statements)

Letitia Alice Walkington was born in 1868. She studied at Queen’s
College Belfast. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by Queen’s College
Belfast in 1885, a master’s degree by Queen’s College Belfast and a
Doctor of Laws by Queen’s College Belfast. She was a member of the
International Congress of Women’s Works and Institutions, the Irish
Women’s Suffrage Society, the Irish Women’s Suffrage and Local
Government Association and the Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland.
She published in *Journal of the Royal Society of Antiquaries of
Ireland*. She died in 1918.

## Rosa Wallis (Q508: 31 statements)

Rosa Wallis was born in 1857. She studied at South Kensington Schools
c. 1873 and 1876. She died in 1939.

## Gertrude Walpole (Q4553: 8 statements)

Gertrude Walpole’s (née Ford) earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s
records is dated 1846. She died in 1903.

## Miss C. S. Walter (Q4197: 10 statements)

Miss C. S. Walter’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1871. She was probably Constance Walter. She was a member of
the Berkshire Archaeological Society, the British Archaeological
Association and the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Emma Georgina Elizabeth Ogier Ward (Q1078: 15 statements)

Emma Georgina Elizabeth Ogier Ward (née Allan) was born in 1824. She
published in *Publications of the Huguenot Society*.

## Louisa Anne Ward (Q2285: 10 statements)

Louisa Anne Ward was born in 1845. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute. She died in 1916.

## Mrs Ward (Q1128: 5 statements)

Mrs Ward’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1921.

## Ellen King Ware (Q1079: 31 statements)

Ellen King Ware (née Goodwin) was born in 1847. She was a member of the
Cumberland and Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society and
the Society of Antiquaries of Newcastle upon Tyne. She published in *The
Archaeological Journal* and *Transactions of the Cumberland and
Westmorland Antiquarian and Archaeological Society*. She died in 1911.

## Miss Warrand (Q1625: 5 statements)

Miss Warrand’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1924.

## Emmeline Way (Q1138: 20 statements)

Emmeline Way (née Stanley) was born in 1810. She was a member of the
Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1906.

## Mary Alethea Way (Q1573: 16 statements)

Mary Alethea Way (née Way) was born in 1851.

## Amy Wedgwood (Q1155: 10 statements)

Amy Wedgwood was born in 1836. She died in 1910.

## Frances Welby (Q2126: 10 statements)

Frances Welby (née Smith) was born in 1813. She was a member of the
Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Anne Mannooch Welch (Q1080: 19 statements)

Anne Mannooch Welch (a.k.a. Denne) was born in 1868. She studied at Lady
Margaret Hall c. 1892. She was awarded a Lady Literate in Arts by the
University of St Andrews. She was a member of the Bristol and
Gloucestershire Archaeological Society. She published in *Transactions
of the Bristol and Gloucestershire Archaeological Society*. She died in
1944.

## Agnes Grace Weld (Q1081: 37 statements)

Agnes Grace Weld was born in 1849. She was a Fellow of the Royal
Anthropological Institute. She was a member of the Ashmolean Natural
History Society of Oxfordshire, the British Association for the
Advancement of Science and the International Congress for the History of
Religions. She published in *Berks, Bucks, and Oxon Archaeological
Journal* and *The Grove: A Monthly Miscellany*. She died in 1917.

## Anne Welsford (Q114: 17 statements)

Anne Welsford was born in 1909. She studied at Newnham College c. 1928
and Cambridge Training College for Women. She was awarded a Certificate
by Cambridge Training College for Women in 1937 and a master’s degree in
1949. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died
in 1992.

## Rhoda Marian Welsford (Q3581: 10 statements)

Rhoda Marian Welsford was born in 1895. She studied at Lady Margaret
Hall. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Margery Katherine Welsh (Q1082: 27 statements)

Margery Katherine Welsh (a.k.a. Daniel) was born in 1880. She studied at
Newnham College c. 1899, University College London c. 1902 and the
British School at Athens c. 1903. She was a member of the Society for
the Promotion of Hellenic Studies. She published in *Annual of the
British School at Athens*. She died in 1960.

## Silvia Mary Welsh (Q1083: 20 statements)

Silvia Mary Welsh was born in 1878. She studied at Lady Margaret Hall
c. 1896. She was a member of the Association for the Education of Women,
the International Archaeological Congress and the Society for the
Promotion of Hellenic Studies. She published in *Journal of Hellenic
Studies*. She died in 1959.

## Alice Werner (Q1084: 48 statements)

Alice Werner was born in 1859. She studied at Newnham College c. 1878.
She was awarded a Lady Literate in Arts by the University of St Andrews.
She was a Fellow of the Royal Anthropological Institute. She was a
member of the African Society and the Royal Colonial Institute. She
published in *Folklore*, *Journal of the African Society*, *The Crisis*
and *Women of All Nations*. She is known to have collaborated with Lucy
Etheldred Broadwood (Q811). She died in 1935.

## Miss Westlake (Q1130: 6 statements)

Miss Westlake’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1921.

## Jessie Laidlay Weston (Q1085: 31 statements)

Jessie Laidlay Weston was born in 1850. She studied at the Crystal
Palace School. She was a member of the Lyceum Club and The Folklore
Society. She published in *Folklore*. She died in 1928.

## Miss Weston (Q1606: 5 statements)

Miss Weston’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1915.

## Isabel Jane Alexander Wetherall (Q1087: 14 statements)

Isabel Jane Alexander Wetherall (née Hankey) was born in 1843. She
published in *Transactions of the East Hertfordshire Archaeological
Society*. She died in 1916.

## Gwendolen Elizabeth Wharhirst (Q3832: 9 statements)

Gwendolen Elizabeth Wharhirst was born in 1914. She studied at St
Hilda’s College c. 1936. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the
University of Oxford in 1938.

## Tessa Verney Wheeler (Q145: 60 statements)

Tessa Verney Wheeler (née Verney) was born in 1893. She studied at
University College London c. 1911. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1928. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute, the UCL Debating Society and the UCL Literary
Society. She died in 1936.

## Albina Lucy Cust Wherry (Q1088: 35 statements)

Albina Lucy Cust Wherry (née Cust) was born in 1857. She was a member of
the International Archaeological Congress. She published in *Folklore*
and *Proceedings of the Cambridge Antiquarian Society*. She died in
1929.

## Beatrix Albina Wherry (Q1090: 22 statements)

Beatrix Albina Wherry (a.k.a. Oldfield) was born in 1887. She was a
member of the International Archaeological Congress. She published in
*Folklore*. She is known to have collaborated with Albina Lucy Cust
Wherry (Q1088). She died in 1974.

## Margaret Dickens Whinney (Q805: 43 statements)

Margaret Dickens Whinney was born in 1894. She studied at University
College London c. 1927 and the Courtauld Institute c. 1935. She was
awarded a diploma by the University of London in 1935. She was elected a
Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1944. She was a member
of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She published in *The
Archaeological Journal*. She is known to have collaborated with Margaret
Envys Wood (Q1112). She died in 1974.

## Beatrice Mary Irene White (Q1709: 19 statements)

Beatrice Mary Irene White was born in 1902. She studied at King’s
College London c. 1926. She was awarded a bachelor’s degree by the
University of London in 1923, a master’s degree by the University of
London in 1926 and a Doctor of Letters. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1952. She died in 1986.

## Gwladys Maud White (Q3051: 17 statements)

Gwladys Maud White (a.k.a. Clark) was born in 1909. She studied at
Girton College. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute
and the Sussex Archaeological Society. She published in *Proceedings of
the Society of Antiquaries of London* and *Sussex Notes and Queries*.

## Rachel Evelyn White (Q1091: 24 statements)

Rachel Evelyn White (a.k.a. Wedd) was born in 1867. She studied at
Newnham College c. 1891. She was awarded a master’s degree in 1927. She
was a member of the Cambridge Philological Society and the Society for
the Promotion of Hellenic Studies. She published in *Journal of Hellenic
Studies*. She died in 1943.

## Dorothy Whitelock (Q793: 22 statements)

Dorothy Whitelock was born in 1901. She studied at Newnham College
c. 1921. She was awarded a master’s degree in 1928, a master’s degree by
the University of Oxford in 1932 and a Doctor of Letters by the
University of Cambridge in 1950. She was elected a Fellow of the Society
of Antiquaries of London in 1945. She published in *The English
Historical Review* and *Transactions of the Royal Historical Society*.
She died in 1982.

## Elizabeth Horsley Whiteman (Q1628: 11 statements)

Elizabeth Horsley Whiteman was born in 1834. She died in 1911.

## Louisa Mabel Whitley (Q4113: 9 statements)

Louisa Mabel Whitley (née Liddon) was born in 1872. She was a member of
the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Margaret Whitley (Q1121: 22 statements)

Margaret Whitley’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1935. She studied at University College London c. 1937. She was
awarded a Academic diploma in Archaeology by the University of London in
1937. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She
published in *Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of London*.

## Bessie Whittaker (Q3468: 11 statements)

Bessie Whittaker (a.k.a. Squibb) was born in 1906. She was a member of
the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1954.

## Julia Katharine Wickes (Q2872: 24 statements)

Julia Katharine Wickes (a.k.a. Steele) was born in 1871. She studied at
Girton College c. 1890. She was a member of the British Museum Reading
Room, the International Archaeological Congress, the Royal Asiatic
Society and the Society for the Promotion of Hellenic Studies. She died
in 1942.

## Miss Wickham (Q1092: 11 statements)

Miss Wickham was born in 1864. She was probably Annie E. Wickham. She
was a member of the Devonshire Association. She published in
*Transactions of the Devonshire Association*.

## Blanche Audrey Willcox (Q4312: 11 statements)

Blanche Audrey Willcox’s (née Bedbrook) earliest appearance in Beyond
Notability’s records is dated 1903. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute.

## Pamela Willcox (Q4306: 7 statements)

Pamela Willcox’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1930. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Audrey Williams (Q1675: 36 statements)

Audrey Williams (née Davies, a.k.a. Grimes and Stockwood) was born in
1902. She studied at Somerville College c. 1920. She was awarded a
master’s degree in 1923. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of
Antiquaries of London in 1943. She published in *Antiquity*,
*Archaeologia Cambriensis*, *Archaeologia Cantiana*, *Journal of Roman
Studies*, *Oxoniensia*, *Proceedings of the Dorset Natural History and
Archaeological Society*, *Proceedings of the Society of Antiquaries of
London* and *Proceedings of the Somerset Archaeological and Natural
History Society*. She died in 1978.

## Ethel Carleton Williams (Q1448: 23 statements)

Ethel Carleton Williams was born in 1884. She studied at Lady Margaret
Hall c. 1903. She was awarded a master’s degree by the University of
Oxford in 1920. She was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries
of London in 1947. She published in *Anglo-Danish Journal*, *Berks,
Bucks, and Oxon Archaeological Journal*, *Blackwood’s Magazine* and
*Journal of the British Archaeological Association*. She died in 1972.

## Jane Williams (Q1093: 15 statements)

Jane Williams was born in 1806. She published in *Archaeologia
Cambriensis*, *Collections Historical and Archaeological Relating to
Montgomeryshire and its Borders* and *Henry Gee*. She died in 1885.

## Miss M. Willis (Q4079: 6 statements)

Miss M. Willis’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1915. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Ellen Ann Willmott (Q553: 21 statements)

Ellen Ann Willmott was born in 1858. She was a member of the Essex
Archaeological Society and the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died
in 1934.

## Eliza Maria Willoughby (Q985: 28 statements)

Eliza Maria Willoughby (née Gordon Cumming) was born in 1847. She was a
member of the Franco-Scottish Society. She published in *New Review* and
*Transactions of the Thoroton Society of Nottinghamshire*. She is known
to have collaborated with Constance Frederica Gordon-Cumming (Q3270).
She died in 1922.

## Catherine Wilson (Q1653: 17 statements)

Catherine Wilson (née Remington) was born in 1833. She was a member of
the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1914.

## Charlotte Mary Wilson (Q1094: 29 statements)

Charlotte Mary Wilson was born in 1854. She studied at Newnham College
c. 1873 and the London School of Economics c. 1907. She was a member of
the British Museum Reading Room, the Fabian Society and the
International Woman Suffrage Alliance. She published in *Transactions of
the Hampstead Antiquarian and Historical Society*. She died in 1944.

## Jane Wilson (Q2399: 6 statements)

Jane Wilson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is
dated 1887.

## Miss M. G. Wilson (Q3575: 6 statements)

Miss M. G. Wilson’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records
is dated 1938. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Amy Wintle Johnston (Q3650: 22 statements)

Amy Wintle Johnston (née Leslie) was born in 1874. She may be the same
person as Miss A. Leslie (Q2378). She was a member of the British Museum
Reading Room, the Lyceum Club and the Viking Society. She died in 1925.

## Frances Garnet Wolseley (Q4175: 14 statements)

Frances Garnet Wolseley was born in 1872. She was a member of the Royal
Archaeological Institute and the Sussex Archaeological Society. She died
in 1936.

## Christina S. Wood (Q1095: 18 statements)

Christina S. Wood (née Walker) was born in 1825. She was a member of the
Berwickshire Naturalists Club and the Scottish History Society. She
published in *History of the Berwick Naturalists’ Club*. She died in
1905.

## Margaret Envys Wood (Q1112: 39 statements)

Margaret Envys Wood (a.k.a. Kaines-Thomas) was born in 1908. She studied
at Bedford College and University College London. She was awarded a
bachelor’s degree by the University of London and a master’s degree by
the University of London in 1934. She was elected a Fellow of the
Society of Antiquaries of London in 1946. She was a member of the
British Archaeological Association and the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She published in *Annual Meeting Standing Conference for
Local History*, *Journal of the British Archaeological Association*,
*Lincolnshire Historian*, *Numismatic Chronicle*, *Sussex Notes and
Queries*, *The Archaeological Journal* and *Transactions of the Newbury
and District Field Club*. She is known to have collaborated with
Margaret Dickens Whinney (Q805). She died in 1981.

## Sarah Gwendoline Wood (Q3063: 13 statements)

Sarah Gwendoline Wood (née Roberts) was born in 1880. She was a member
of the Royal Archaeological Institute. She died in 1949.

## Margaret E. Woodward (Q1096: 16 statements)

Margaret E. Woodward was born in 1853. She published in *Journal of the
Royal Anthropological Institute*. She died in 1933.

## Mabel Emily Wotton (Q1098: 16 statements)

Mabel Emily Wotton was born in 1863. She was a Fellow of the Royal
Historical Society. She was a member of the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She published in *Cornhill Magazine*, *Notes and Queries* and
*The Argosy*. She died in 1927.

## Ursula Wratislaw (Q115: 13 statements)

Ursula Wratislaw (a.k.a. Walker) was born in 1912. She was a member of
the Royal Archaeological Institute.

## Sybil Mary Gella Wynne-Jones (Q3738: 15 statements)

Sybil Mary Gella Wynne-Jones (née Scott) was born in 1889. She was a
member of the Cymmrodorion Society and the Royal Archaeological
Institute. She is known to have collaborated with Lily Frances Chitty
(Q867). She died in 1975.

## Miss Wyram (Q2543: 4 statements)

Miss Wyram’s earliest appearance in Beyond Notability’s records is dated
1901.
